This video was sponsor ld. Hi, this is Kate for minute. Come in all different size. But usually over illusion ary time. Truly gan, take in sex and other art, which have tiny bodies in part because they breathe bice bungie up through their access Galaxy on the available oxygen can only use so far before getting used up. If they had bigger bodies, oxygen wouldn't reach far enough inside, but about 300 million years ago SAT miss fairy oxygen levels spite with more oxygen in the air. R their bodies could grow away big a meeting to make a buzz like a dragon fly the size of an eagle and a milli p, the size of a 2 person kayak. Dinosaur, on the other hand got pretty don Big without any outside help, but at some point they hit a limit due to the so called this. Where q block body strength is based on the cross section, a layer of bones and muscles, but wait is based on value and just like double in the height of AQ, because as it's cross section to get four times larger, but it's volume to get a times larger. When an animal gets better, it does get stronger, but it gets away. Heavy fossil evidence suggests that knows where near ING the size of which they could no longer love around their own bodies. And since they took their long with them into the water, they can breathe oxygen rich air rather than being stuck with oxygen pour water allowing these mamo to go all most twice as big. It's the biggest fish, but the giant creatures just didn't have enough food to get any giant of them at then a few million years ago changing ocean current but tons of new trend up from the death. Which fuel huge local plankton loop switch on turn attracted enormous concentration of screw them with this new kry on cal a diet together with their breathing lung and water supported bodies blue whale quickly a triple DIN size to become not just into but truly the largest animal to have ever lived. And that is certainly something to spell out about. Hi, this is David I wrote this video because my kids can't ask me questions about why some animals get so big to help foster the curiosity about the world there. Now I got them suspicion xt a kiwi CO wich send some of box of hands on science art and math project called the kiwi create every month. Will to sign up at eco dot com slash minute and they give you the first month for Free just in time for the holidays. 