Noise. So when was the last time that you wrote a hand written note, it's probably been a while. Technology has changed the way we communicate we send Email is not letters, text message is not phone calls, you order delivery instead of cooking dinner's in our kitchen all in the name of fish and see the here is the point technology has made it easier to communicate, but it has it made it easier to connect. With other human beings I found that the secret to connect in in the high tech fast pace world that we live in is doing a few small things the old fashion write a letter I read and thousands of hand written note taking people for advice. Thank you them for an interview just push that extra effort to show them that you really care and they are willing to go above and beyond some advice from. And thank you letter is a really make it clear to the person that you're writing to the impact they have had on your life talk about something specific. Like thank you for the advice that you gave me it's because of the advice you gave me. Then I am now doing x people are looking to make a difference and so if you can show someone that they really had an impact on the life that you're living the life your pursue ING. It can have a huge impact pick up the phone in dial. We've hired thousands of employees and I personally called every single one of them to welcome them to the family I'm able to set the tone of of really what I want the company to be where you know people go above and beyond to make people feel welcome and to give people sense of belong ING and sometimes I call people in their last day of work when people leave some times they are more transplant than they never were when they were actually is still the company is such a great opportunity to get the kind of feed back that, it's very hard to get otherwise ask interesting and meaning ful questions when you get outside of the office or what I'm traveling in the country every single night will have it. Dinner with people in the company and I like to ask questions like what your under lying motivation was something that happened this week that meant a lot and when he go around the table and people really open up on people are able to engage it said to a different tone when people come back to the office they can see each other and they know each other in a deep away answer questions and honesty. U know how it feels to go into the elevator and some of his House your weekend it could have been like the best we can you can meet the love of your life, the person you want to marry and you would say good, how is yours if you want to connect with people, then you have to open up I'm not always that good at it and I imagine most people aren't, but that's why being open stand out so much because most people want turn the video on, I would always recommend a video conference over phone call because that's when you can see the real personality come out when you're on video, you're forced to be present. It's almost a force in mechanism to be in the moment. Nobody succeed alone. The more you can take time to develop genuine auth ent ique relationships. The more you can. Able to realize your dreams because you are going to be able to take big risk and know that doesn't be a network of people out there to cheer you on in to support your efforts. 