It's conflict and report this morning over the health of North Korea's leader came to own it has not been seen in public for 10 days with the us closely monitoring report. He was in great danger after undergo ING heart surgery international security expert John black soul and join us now from camera and John I mean North Korea is such a secret of country. How accurate a do you think these reports are, you know it's very hard to tell the original source is from a network associated with the North Korea and effect as they seem to be pretty well connected the South Korea government is denied but present moon Jane has been quite keen to play a positive role and the construct engagement with North Korea Kim jong on talking about myself, it could it could it could it be worse? Could he be in in serious trouble or could have passed? Yeah, well, it's quite possible both his father and grandfather died of a similar condition hot problems and his grandfather died at the hospital apparently where he was treated and that that is a real problem because. R there is no clear line of success and previously was very clear when Kim Jong il was ill, he had Kim jong on who is now on well in the pan as the desert night ID as a, but essentially we don't have that now we know that Kim jong on is pretty close to his younger sister who he lived to grow up with in in Swiss land. Enjoy°¡need him on visit to present to be with president trump she went to South Korea for the winter olympics couple of years back But North Korea is of poetry society and the language has been patri AR chal it's been only it's a man only club so the question is will that line be broken with that will they will they change with president of change is hard to know. Because if if she isn't pick and then the military and the security services and the other relatives by in on on this, they could be a bit of a puzzle. And that means if there's a tunnel, what we could say a significant growing attention in North Korea and some parents at the worst end of the spectra are even saying welink. And of course, if at on ravel and I'm now STR etching the story to the least possible end of the possibility spec trum, but it's worth considering that is the United Nations command, which still exists and to which Australia That I make the point that actually is Friday is still got an obligation to support South Korea. So while it's not likely, let's be clear about that. And there are some we need to just see to get some corporation about exactly how will Kim jong UN is. We need to just be mind for that. This could on ravel, this could deterior, right? Let's hope that that's not the case. And you know this when we talked about the separate lia prospect of may be Kim yong zhou r his sister taking over well that we need to be careful what we wish for there because of course she is considered to be just as real as he was so basically if it's true, it's going to get really messy John thanks so much for your inside this morning. We really appreciate it 