Ask anyone who knew him a man love to run unless it was pourn rain down outside. It was going to be run. But somehow on a Sunny Sunday in a post of Georgia community arbour is run became a deadly chaser. One PM February 23rd according to police reports are boy a scene in the city wars neighborhood where residence a there have been broken. He was walking around the home on the construction. And then he started running in the road his presence trigger calls to 911. He puts it calling as down the street. Mike Michael a retired len county police officer and his son Travis grab a hand gun and a shot gun according to police documents jump into a truck and big in following are a. The report described how the father and son along with another man tried repeated later cut him off each time every just ran around them. Eventually the father and son managed to get ahead of using their truck to block his path Travis MIC Michael on the street holding a shot gun. The world of the runner and the chaser XR collected by Lily. It's the moment captured by an UN identified person in this video that sea and has not been able to auth ent a ledge ID effective a fight for the short cut Free shots and down in the street. More than two months later, no one has been charged of fact that his left arm is father and others. I want to see the people go to there Critics content that there was no a rest because the man with the shot gun is the son of a form, a police officer from the same department initial investigating the case impact. Because of the fathers law enforcement connection to district attorney refuse themselves. Before he quit the second day in a letter set Travis MIC Michael was acting in self defense when he killed and that the pursuit bye to arm white men of an an armed young black man was perfectly legal under George citizens of rest la, out rage your breeze friends and family Beard his story was being over looked in the pan dem that also kept protest as at home. There are a lot of people who are dis courage and believe that this is going to be one of those cases that has happened in other parts of the nation where life was lost in justice was not render, but the video has now trump and Emma concerns. The community has united. I mean, as you see not here, there's members of all.  