I want to ask you about this the south. I mean in 2016 you ran basically equal with Hillary Clinton everywhere in the country except the south where she really ran the table against you, it that seems to be happening again. You didn't reach even 20% of the African American vote anywhere in the south. In North Carolina you actually did worse you did in 19% with our an American voters in 2016 that drop to point last night what what is going wrong with your campaign when it comes to compete ING in the south and computing specifically for black? Well, let me just give the other side of the story is that in California if my memory is we received 39% of the boats of people of color, which will lati no Asian americans and African americans, if I am not mistaken, I have to study these results. We probably won the young people, young people African American vote. Probably in all of those things but in California being well by job I know on black voters where we are winning on. On people of color in a very significant degree with a black coat specifically because it has been a persist and problem you knew it was a problem in 26 in my class to the station and then against somebody who has told his relationship with barack Obama for eight years barack Obama is enormous popular. In this country, in general and the African American community. Running against Hillary Clinton bill Clinton was the enormous Lee park this I don't think if you look at some of the national polls in fact that have been some polls recently that we were running ahead of buy in the African American comedy so it's not that I'm not popular, you know and is is running. You know with his with are his eyes to a mom and that is working on. Let me be specific. I mean in 2016 you that was a problem. In 2016, we were running against Hillary Clinton I was virtually unknown. Now we're running against the Rock Obama. Vice president, who was very, very popular. So but I what I'm saying the original is that if you look at the holding out there I am not on popular in the African American. Are you satisfied with the numbers of the good? We want to do, who are out there, work and hard on this thing I think we will do better. I think the vote in the North will be different than the boat in the south. But you know are we are you know we're running against some health competition there. 