你有没有跟他说班级过了比如我们start a good lettercars of for second time in the pillowyou know places idea me broker not sincere MIGA最起码可以变声音哦还有福利还真有。玛格丽特here is fully idea that pretty much some up the attitude of president he thinks that everybody is panic king are not necessarily。The death toll is headed toward 3000 with the round 40000 confirmed cases, but is the numbers rise and ever increasing pace his attitude towards the virus remains pretty clear. The film was seen to and no money that. Now who has spoken to the dice is start by the minute supplies there we are but who can save to the tears are the previous on the transport is a man to do you mean to a muscle. The economic fall out of the virus, but my boss and our is resolution at all. Do come back our years. No project say no more positive and lost your property. Damage. Choosing the economy overhead ther's a dangerous scandal, 30 million people here live in off and crowded for my social distance is almost impossible and basic. Us to dream yes. People need to work. But there also concerned that will be the hardest hit when the virus spread. Snow is known for being controver so he wants to develop the Amazon he is in for us for his success races and home of o bit comments. So its attitude towards her own a virus shouldn't come as a surprise. He was meeting crowd's of them this past weekend in the capital at one point even coffee without covering his mouth. Hundreds of how is calling for businesses to be open some. Think the current a virus threat is fake news MR boss那attitude his popular ity and cause fiction with in the government until last week we said that we can date with the help me to but then MR Wilson r fired him essential ebecause he disagree Dover the importance of social distance。MR my data made his view of the president pretty clear. Cngc plan a plan is a man to for call character as this is my ruler is keeping your land o. To learn to follow is will turn of the lower kill is there she is not what you do in recent weeks that have been regular Pro tests on the keys of self. 