And it's over the championship is back in the day for the first time in 40 years. What goes through your mind when you think back to that final season it school on stage will go back to my mind is that we were on successful first of all in the one they were to bring it home and you know but we are against the odds. As far as we could, you know we are going to the team to have more health. You know and it was click in and also in on the right time. Over the summer he said that the Warriors cause you to have night mares you describe them out of us didn't call me to have night mares lose and it, no matter what a point is you no lose in, want me you know cause I don't like the rules I had nothing that I never seen any of the wars players in my night mares at all know is the symbol of just you know not being not being a Victoria's what's the theme of the season was still you know the process. U know this year is gonna be another process who cares what we did last year and we show up on the floor, not the east of a champion and you know it's a little different. Now we are not a team, you know that I want for the three games with him with one no games or whatever our record is at that point time and we have to go to the process. We have to put the working in every single day in order to we get back to what we want to get back to announce the final. For me, it's just about. Getting better every single day on being here from my team ates and on doing the right things I need to do in order to be ready in a hundred percent when I do come back. What do you see face in the well I think our whole thing is health once we all get on the floor we all help then we ready to go than the chemistry will you will be able to click, you know and if we all have the same, my frame in the same go ahead, then will be fine. Both will drown in myself are about the very same thing my ability to help him reach his goals and to help him be the most efficient leader that he can be. How do you feel like your relationship with David has in the last year? Well, I think you know it all just like just like anything we were around when you start to understand what they that they would like to accomplish. Which are common goes on when you have a same calm and go with someone I think it makes the process a lot easier in our process. And our goal is to win, but we have our open communication with one another and you know maybe. The leader of the team I try to just take his words and leave the guys on the floor every night. 