Breaking news. We are getting the first image of North Korea and leader Kim jong UN report idli making his first public appearance in three weeks. So take a look at it. That is after so much special Asian about is how about whether he is even alive North Korea and state media has released this image of Kim. So take a look at it. They say this is of him at ending the opening of a fertilizer factory. They say it's today. His sister Kim yong can be seen in the background of the image. Now I want to make it clear to you that we can't independent confirm the photo or when we cannot confirm the day it was shot. Here is what president Trump said when asked about the potential site. Weeks miss that cruel huge you no annual celebrate and a someone said he was not even a live and now there is this photo that comes out or genie in this report. So what what do you think when you look at this? Does this prove anything? Look I'm not an expert are you know of i'd rather have somebody with the train I looking at these pictures. Clearly I would find video more convinced that images work IM is there you no cutting a ribbon. There's another one which kind of convenience sitting you know below a sign that says made for STH very presently in the sign. Look Kim jong on could very well be alive and he could have very well attended this ribbon cutting. He also could have very well been quite ill and and sick and and what and recovery and out of the public eye for three weeks. Because North Korea is so secret of a particularly around, you know the the health of their leader is god ID as the highest top secret you can imagine a country that's already so secret. We simply have no way of knowing the facts because North. Is not giving them to us. And that's part of the reason why you have so many reports that run the full spec trum from he was hiding out you know when his luxury compound from coronavirus to he was at death story. And you know a couple of photos don't necessarily prove or dis prove what was really going on inside the country. Right? And he is known for having you know we look you could just look at him. I mean he's got an city issue. He is known for having health issues are possible other issues as well that could lead him to become very 6 o. I guess we just at this point we just don't we don't know, but why do you think they released this now to the pressure just reached the point where they had to put it out with that it may 1. Right? I mean these books have been putting out sing that has been sending. Thank you notes in greeting, just haven't really cut it in terms of proof of life. This is now a more detailed attempt to try to show that he is a life, but yes you raise a great point in, he is five foot seven 300 pounds smoke to today and has a history of our problems in his family. This is not someone who is a picture of good health and you know whether he had a health. U recently or not. This does a serious question about if he's going to have healthy care is moving on in the coming weeks and months to, and just quickly at the sisters in the picture does that say anything to you and we know people are talking about who would have possibly take control lot of people that it wouldn't be heard that the society was so Patrick o but yet she is in that picture it seems that is not as a dent. It's no coincidence, the king and his younger sister is always by his side they been giving her more and more title is they are definitely setting her up for a big decision to move forward. All right, thank you very much. 