Is the government prepared to re open Australia. There are fresh concerns that move could speak to second wave of the infection, putting retail and hospitality workers at risk. So what's being done to ensure the shops and restaurants can reopen a flea for more we joined by settlement letter from the council of trade union great to have you in this morning. Yeah, good to see you now retail and hospital workers come in to a close contact with consumers due to the nature of their work. So what rules need to be in place to ensure that protect it. Look, what we got to do is try make great places as safe as possible for the workers but also for customers are there is really two things that need to happen. First of all, that work place laws were never in vent for a pan dem. We've got to update them so that we can make sure their social distance in everywhere. And then second we got to support worker's especially especially casual workers to go get tested and then die so late if they have got the virus that was a problem at the but also the problem in age care. Casual workers. Are afraid to take days off cause I lose pay if we bring in a scheme of leave that all mean that they won't have that decision sensitive and it will be the way to keep work as open and buy protecting people. Are you got them this will protect the work is that they stay protected. Well, we are now like at the front of the queue Australia was behind in the beginning and we were watching what was happening over seas and we could make decisions based on mistakes are the people made, now where at the front of the cure really with new zeal and we're going to open because we're supposed to the virus, we got to get this right because all this pain we have gone through for the last six weeks will be for nothing if we don't get it right. We don't want to open up and have to shut down again because we didn't put in place protection we need to. So I think you can do that. We can make sure we got the very best protection in place to make sure that we got all the contin gency is on everything worked out so that are we we stop a second out break Sally not pushing for 4%. Increased to the minimum wage for at a time when businesses are on the knees. Now is not that I'm Shirley. Look at the really tough time to be putting in and asking what the minimum wage increased should be. It doesn't come in until July and it's just for the absolute minimum and remember that is less than $39000 a year. Hello, people who are now on job keep our will know how hard that is to live on. And what we think is that we've got to make sure I am when you know things are up and running that the lowest paid work as have money in their pockets because for so long we are going to depend on our domestic economy sets basically iPad workers will spend the money they have got their spending in local businesses and that's what local business as will need to to get themselves going again. I mean I don't think anyone to disagree that those on the minimum wage deserve a pay rise, but shouldn't the focus at the moment beyond getting those million people have lost their jobs back into the work force me that's not gonna happen if you put more pressure on small businesses. Well, that's right and I'm hopefully very. As soon we will be re opening and that will depend, of course, in the medical advice. And like I was saying the minimum wage doesn't change until July, which is still several months away. So there's plenty of time for the fair work commission to what's happening in the effects are. How many people have got back to work, and what the economy can cope with in terms of the paying Chris its up to mistake to think will be back in up and running by July but I like you thinking Sally well you know fingers crossed that will do everything we can to do that. All right, thanks for joining us this morning. We appreciate. 