This morning, the form of vice president and a pair of democratic job and appear here and MSNbcI morning Joe. Where for the first time he respond to a sexual solid and made by a former senate staff name ta read. Would you please go on the record with the American people did you sexual assault error rate? No, it is not true I'm saying it quickly it, we covered the story of early this week, two days ago, job and had not a dress the obligation to day as I thought he did it was his first time, directly respond ING them on the record. A lot of people were unhappy with the fact that we even cover the story which is why you may have seen the hash tag fire Chris he is turning on training on Twitter most of the day yesterday received a lot of feed back about the second we did which basically found the three cat or is the first cat a gore e for people who said I don't believe to read a to read I believe your body. Based on their assessment of the actual verify facts of the story is such as we have them. And they put it out as we did when we covered this the other day that her story has changed quite considerable. A year ago she told the California news paper than in 1993 job in touch several times making her feel uncomfortable. And then back in March he made a much more serious alig Asian claim ING that, in 1993 then center by and sexual assault at her pen a trading her with his fingers under her skirt. I don't deny that Asian as you saw a specifically respond to day, tar read all so clam that she complain to three other people who worked in by the senate office at the time when she was there about her a smart not assault. And then all three by and staff as who have been contact by reporters they all say no such complaint was made, by then executive assistant was va MIN and heard in, i'll quote, and every once Whitney store heard of or received any reports of in appropriate conduct period not from is read not from anyone. I have absolute. No knowledge or memory of misery is accounting of events which would have left AC me as a woman professional and as a manager. So the people have fallen to cat agree one say that the weight of those three people, those three star plus job and long record of life against what are read says about what happened that I'm leads them to some that even the use the phrase we are in the midst of the national night mare the worst disaster generations and we just need to get rid of Donald trump. That is not the way that I think about Anna lies in this particular story. But it's an honest expression of how some people do the trade off in the states here. On the 3rd cata gory, which I got a lot of is the one that was the most quiet to me, which is a whole lot of people pointing to various aspects of character or for writing or her politics as a kind of proof that she is not critical that she is making it up. Oh, she didn't report the sooner or she said nice things about your body in the form of voice boss at one point. So how could he have a salt at her, or she support in Canada British and as so clearly this was just a little hit job or she said things that people find strange and social media and on and on much of it hanging up to you just can't trust this woman. Now there is the kinds of things that had been used for ever against women making these types of valu ations to me. The less than the me to move it is not that you believe everything go on of course not know the lesson is to take activation seriously to Swift investigate the facts around them as best as one can, while leaving a side the worst Angel distinct to drag the women who make those claims for the mud. 