ABC David is that the White House this morning David good morning. Morning and it had been a desert island for the last for years and you turned on the TV you would not believe that bitter rival now falling over each other as they're working relationship comes to an end. It has been a great and it is a first the first time the president has agreed to a duel interview with anyone other than his wife. He tells CBS is 60 minutes yI just want to have a chance to public Lee say thank you. I think Hillary will go down is one of the secretary of state we have had. What for years I was by. This is not the Obama and Clinton at each others throat she with the experience the noise of candidate I was fighting against those ideas when you were practise ING law and represent ING your contribution s CO in his love land lord business and inner city Chicago. He the up star community organize that hit back what you just repeat it here today is pat and wait you just now I did not say anything about all that seems a memory I want the country to appreciate. Just what an extraordinary one she is played on during the course of my administration a few years ago would have seen and seen as probably because we have that very long hard primary campaign. I don't think I'm that bad r. You are like a bowl of math or no. For the rival it came down to service president Obama asked me to be secretary of state and I. I said yes and why did he asked me and why did I say yes, because we both love our country OK so David has been a lot of sec ular and about whether Hillary might run for president 2016 possibly against the current vice president job. And so does this interview mean that Obama is picking sides here. You know you can't even say thank you in this town down with that a lot of political entry coming along with it wasn't and awesome and of Hillary for twenty sixteen or is he tried to say thank you through her to bill Clinton for all he did at the end of the campaign just here a few months ago really getting out there on pushing for we really don't know the answers to that, but we will continue to ask those questions over the next three plus years or two plus years. I guess there were right in the middle of another campaign dan. 