Hi, this is Emily from minute. Your grandma is probably pretty short. In fact, grammar is all over the world are pretty short as they've the college has drunk the bones of war and down and their muscles have deterior ate it as a result of your grandma has been losing about half an inch of high teach decades and she turned 40. But even before she started to drinking your grandma was probably never as tall as she might have been and that's because many grandma's wear more nourish as babies which inhibit their ability to reach full height later on. There were lots of reasons for this historical many people were short on food or lived through fans baby is also used to get a lot sicca a lot more often with the illness is the compromise the party's ability to absorb new trend. Plus we simply didn't know a whole lot about infant nutrition as a result, malle, nutrition, rob, your grammar of somewhere between two and 3.5 inches of her potential hight OK maybe not your grandma, the grandma's on average around the world. The good news is that thanks to increasing wealth better than. Jeans improved Sana tation and more nutrition and know how people of all gender's and nationality is have got and taller over the past hundred years. And in some countries the games have been huge men and women in South Korea for example, are six and eight inches taller respectively than they were a century ago. That's about the height difference between ever r illustrator and me. And it's not just about hide well nourish kids with normal growth have fewer health problems and an easier time learning and going to make more money than people who is growth is started from AL nutrition. What's more of the population of most developing countries are still gei ning hi today. In fact, there are only a few places with the population has stopped getting taller in the last few decades. Very wealthy countries like the us and m Mark for almost all people have enough food to reach the maximum potential hite and very poor countries like neither India and pop on u any where people still face major Challenge is with food and security disease. And Sana tation in those places, we are still coming up. Short. One of those goals is to end stunt it grow through to mal nutrition by 2030 through a range of programs designed to address health and nutrition Broad li but progress is not in and there is still more to be done. Check out the report by cooking the link in the description box below to learn how you can become a goal keeper. 