Hi, this is Emily from minute. Each of these c shell is, in fact I really, really tiny because each was once home to a tiny single cell marine life form called a forum, though they don't have eyes or brains or limbs for and somehow managed to pull in grad ient from sea water and stack them together into House is made out of the mineral cal sea of carbon. Even cool each little House ends up with the number written into it that tells us how much I snow there is on earth. That's right. A single cell c creature knows how much combined snow and ice there is on all the mountain Top sin I seats and glasses on our entire planet crazy but it's true. Here's how it happens. The number in the forum shell comes from the two types of oxygen forms pull from sea water, the regular kind with eight Pro ton za nate news and the heavy kind with eight Pro toss and 10 new trial. H to o molecule with regular oxygen r slightly lighter and less luggage thanh to us with heavy oxygen. So there more likely to operate from the ocean surface and go gal van ting around in clouds, and send to all the ice in the ice sheet comes directly from clouds. The ice sheet is a kind of storage facility for regular oxygen, the cold of the global climate, the more regular oxygen, the store and the less is left behind in the ocean. As they built their shares forms effectively capture the ratio of regular oxygen to heavy oxygen in sea water. And we can read that ratio back to figure out how much I say there is at the polls and us what the average global temperature is. Of course, we can also just measure those things directly, but our mothers and SAT a light can only tell us what's going on right now for as on the other hand have been recording this data for hundreds of millions of years on the archive have been slowly pi ling up on the sea floor so bi drill ING down and pulling up a big. Long core of ancient settlement we can recover and almost continuous record of how earth temperature has gone up and down and up and down and up and down, etc. Over time, in fact, we all most of what we know about our planet is past climate to these tiny brain, less c fer and their tiny beautiful homes. This video was supported by the hiding Simon foundation and lock in knowledge, opportunity and possibility to learn more about the foundation and about it science program, which support fundamental research primarily in the physical science as visit www ising Simon star talk. Thanks housing Simon. 