Hi, this is Kate for a minute and this is scar face. One of the highest I studied in Canada and like all male spot ID hind us, his life suck. Baby Hood is actually the PIC kle of a male hi nice life. Anybody comes of both sex is rank just blow their mom to make up the entire Top of the clan social hierarch so come have decent access to food, sleeping spots and everything else but mail cub's glory days are short. Female general e don't like meeting with mail from the plan they grew up in it's probably nature s way of avoid ING in breathing so one smile turned to or so they leave their clam and strike out on a lonely dangerous search for a claim with better made in prospect. Lots of other a million miles do the same thing but for them the transition to a new group is an opportunity to Challenge high rank ING individuals and increased their social standing not so for male. They and you're aggress. Of housing by the new plan before even being allowed to join. And once a male does game except and he becomes the very Lois try king high in a in the packing a bone crack ING order. The taste food rarely makes its way down to him and there is no way to move up the social hierarch besides simply wait me the for new mail to join the clam below him or for miles ahead of him to die. No adult male will ever Top of single female result ING in the female dama. This is all wear dw unlike most mam as mail hind us are so bored that to female which is probably because on like most mam tz female hind us are bigger and me to the mouse which is probably thanks to their need to stand up for the off spring in this kind of crazy feeding fren zy. And on like pretty much all mam tz physical e fit or social capable individuals cant make their way to the Top of high in a society to do most of the decision and baby making their the only social mam as we know of with such a Richard hierarch ical and we. Don't yet know why. We do know the outcome of male is like scar face and up play with injuries from her smit and housing and PRE mature li worn down t from eating too many bones and on average only live half as long as he male do. The best they can hope for is that at the end of the day they'll have left behind a few cars which is not the best for the ones that turned out to be male. While I was getting my PHD I spent several years in studying is like scar face and the rest of the minute of team has done amazing research and explore all sorts of cool places to to find out about the adventure of the minute of team learn how we make videos and ask us your burning questions to join us for a live stream q and a on Friday afternoon on our page down page up a tree and dot com slash minute. Joining our paper on community will not only give you access to our live stream and other per KS your support will also. We won't have to resort to nine on bones to survive. 