Hi, this is Emily from me to super markets have lots of milk to choose from these days, many of which are the product of blend ING up and strain ING various nuts and seeds plain old milk milk. On the other hand is also a strange product, its filter cow blood as we're das that seems all mam o milk is made from blood because blood contains lots of new trend and baby man must need lots of sugar, fat and protein to grow complex brains and body. But mom is can't just open and hurry that would be dangerous plus most of the useful and trees in blood r to die. Liu and blood has too much I and for most babies to process, this is where the memory and comes in. It's full of thousands of tiny sex. Hu ze walls have special sells the grape water and new transfer MM passing blood do some chemistry on them and pass them to the inside of the sack where they mixed together to become milk when the baby starts to suck a lon that it's stuck in pattern tells the mom's brain to release the hor mone oxy tors in which it. I just to the sex causing them to school is out that I need Robert's of milk into the baby's mouth each man more species tale as it's blood filtering recipe to the needs of its babies, for example, to help their arctic dw elling pop stack on the lover put it c lm arms produce a milk with fifteen times the fat of cow milk Cotton tail mom's make high protein milk for their bunny babies allowing them to develop their muscles quickly that am a wallet could make two different types of milk into different TT at the same time won hyun sugar for a new born on the couch and won hyun fat and protein for her water. And also bread modern dairy cow's don't have a particularly wacky recipe for their milk. They should make a lot of it. The current record holder a whole steam named after shock can produce a bath. Top full of milk every day. That's utterly impressive. Last week the minute theme saved seven books on this chart of COS MIC explanation from pop chart lab and honey doesn't make money by selling your personal data instead it collector small commission from some merchant for bringing them customers to join the 9 million other people using honey to save money online and to support our channel go to join honey dot com slash monitor. 