COVID-19 Rick and are being used in Western Australia allowing families and friends to inter act more freely reporter James James comedy join us from earth good morning James what can you tell us Lisa good morning. Those reduction in Western Australia limited people to gathering with only two persons were in place for about a month. But they have been relax today and now Western Australia ns can gather in doors all our doors with up to 10 people. And the advice for acceptable reasons for leaving the home have also been relax. And along with essential reasons are people are told that can now leave the home to take part in non contact creation activities such as a picnic in the park cam ping o fish ING. Now the gathering will still be can find to social distance in rules where people need to keep a distance of at least. 1.5 meters between one another. And there also be bound by the other is that is still in place here in Western Australia, including the regional travel benz, which strict movement across nine of the regional areas in Western Australia. That comes despite some good news out of the North of w yesterday we all active cases in the Kim sorry, no longer act of those cases are because everyone there he had the virus has now recovered. There's some other thing of relations that went along with that announcement yesterday we're seeing homo pins and display village as now allowed to resume operating. And waiting here can now take place with up to 10 people they were previously can find to five people, but that brought wedding on par with funeral in Western Australia. And we told that person ll training with groups of up to 10 can also resume, but if they. Maintain that social distance and don't share equipment public play ground public Jimmy quip ment and skate park sin the like I still of limits. And we told that it will be a while yet before restaurants and cafe are allowed to re open along with some other business as. But it's expected that the zing of rich rich and will allow people to move around more connect better with friends and family and it's also expected to encourage some of the private sector to use some of the self IM posed measures that they put in place. It's thought that there will be more people returning to work who had been working from home. So we're seeing here in Western Australia in a week's time train services will resume to a hundred percent. And from Wednesday bus services will be back running a full time table in time for schools to return.  