Side show is supported by brilliant dog. Good news, everyone. The sun is never going to turn into a black hole that only happens to really massive stars and the sun doesn't make the cut instead it will eventually expand into a red giant and then will likely form a beautiful planet arian NE Bula I mean you and I definitely won't be around to see all that, but at least we don't need to worry about getting stuck into a comic bath tub drey Nick sept, even if someone did replace the sun with an equal e massive black hole, we still wouldn't need to worry about falling in. R, what if Ireo, the part we care about most is the point of no return or the point where you got any closer to the black hole you're gonna that point is officially called the event horizon. And it's distance from the centre of the black hole is the short shield raid ea. So really all we need to do to survive ignore ING the hole no sun light thing is not be within that radio sore already be a seller rating to words according to the math this radio sin crea sas as a black hole gets more massive. Or maybe we start gradually moving towards the event horizon. After all our son just got replaced with the point of infinite den city except we still be OK or bits in space don't generally depend on the size of the object they're going around. And they depend on its masso. If the mass doesn't change, neither does the orbit. You could create a scene ario where there was a sun mass palm grand at the center of the solar system or a very round ham ster and not much would change. I mean that would raise other weird questions, but neither wood dramatic effect any or bitz, which is why the ridiculous massive black hole at the center of our Galaxy hasn't swallow dust and all the near by stars. Once you're in a stable orbit around any thing, you ll keep it up for ever and less and outside for sin av. Nevertheless, can we all just a green not to replace the sun with anything too weird anytime soon if you like this episode you'll probably really enjoy the completely in orbit course from brilliant organ ex is a big field. And one thing I really like about this course is that there's something in it for everyone you could start with the basic equation that determine how to object or but each other or you could jump in and figure out how to get a space bus to Mars. Also brilliant is great at making concept like this under stand. Flash show and right now the first 200 people to sign up at that link will get 20% off of an annual premium sub script on to brilliant besides having a great time and learning about the universe. You can also know that your supporting show. So thanks for doing that. 