Hi, this is Emily in 1972 car season and a college discovered something that comes to be known as the faint young son para dox. According to sell a physics, our son has been growing Bright over time. Thanks to increasing hydrogen fusion in the stars core. This means that the sun that shine on early TH is rough li twenty five percent dim a than today sun which should have kept our baby planet cool enough for I said the polls to grow and reflect more sun light and cool the planet further producing a little snow ball effect on turning on earth in to a big ice cube. But according to Rock and fossil evidence ancient earth was actually a multi warm water heaven for life. We are simple single cell organism developed and drive hence the para dox how could the sun be dead but the earth warm, scientists have proposed a range of possible explanation, but the most likely one is the earth for li atmosphere included one or more ultra insul ating gas is that kept it service on. Season of the toast we still don't know for sure what these glasses were or where they came from. But scientists have been playing with and in treating possibility that would ever created us make a green House effect also supply key in grad ient for life. One hype office is that a constant for order of Rock it a brea left over from the creation of the solar system melt the size of truck severe TH release in green House gas is like carbon di oxide in methane and drawing soul for the central component of summer, no acid up to the surface. Another out of this world type r thesis points to the sun itself Sounds of to gas is nature oxide green House gas 300 times as powerful as carbon di oxide and hydrogen cyanide a poison that can I also help to do some basic building blocks of life. Whatever the real story it's safe to say that our early earth somehow managed to create a perfect home for life under the faint young son and it's also safe to say that as our son continues to burn ever Bright in to the future us climb it will snow ball in another potter direction. Eventually boy ling away both water and life under the Bright old son. This video is supported by the hiding Simon foundation and lock in knowledge, opportunity and possibility to learn more about the foundation and about it science program, which support fundamental research primarily in the physical science visit www ising Simon star talk. Thanks housing Simon. 