In 1861, a patient arrived at the Paris hospital saying the civil tan over and over again his doctor Paul broker found that the man could understand language with out a problem. You just couldn't say anything besides tan when the patient unexpected lid ida few days later broke and I started his brain and found a small bit of damage called the leaver and the left front of the leading him to concluded this. Part of the brain must be responsible for speech generation that then scientists have only recently accepted the idea that we think with our brains rather than our hearts. And some kind of meaning experiments with animals have convinced that different parts of the brain wordy cated to different mental jobs broken and method seems like the way to drop a local ize map of brain activity in humans. Doctor sound patients with specific cognitive deficit and then match these deficit up with the damaged parts of their brains from these patients. They do STH that new members are formed in hip of campus. Here comes from the middle and that we make nice face as using the fuse of form face area. However, there is a big difference between coral ating a certain part of the brain with a certain mental task and prove that that part of the brain actually does that task. And sure enough when we develop the FMrI machine in the 1990 to track moment to moment changes in brain activity, the old local life map of the brain quickly began to unravel. Coordinate rely zhan a network of long range communication fiber. In fact, damage to these fiber explained by some people with in tact broker areas couldn't speak. And the communication is net work also explained why some people with broken broken areas could speak. Cause the fiber proved able to require broke his task to other parts of the brain. But again. Just because of a certain part of the brain lights up during a certain mental task doesn't necessarily mean that part of the brain is doing something critical to that task. In other words, the m ri method of brain imagine turned out to have the same problem as the leaves and method. Fortunately we can get around this problem by putting the two methods together. Recently researchers performed scan zan 182 people with brain regions, mostly soldiers with shop now wound and had them perform a battery of mental task. Then they put all the scan is together to see which brain parts will always active when the subjects could perform a task and which parts for always turn off when they could not as a result, we now have a map of the brain that shows which parts work together to help us do brain things like understand language, solve puzzle, and remember stuff. But even with these maps our own brain still give us a lot to ponder. We may never know, for example, y broke is patient could only say can or whether there was something else. He was trying to tell us this video was sponsor dw double dot com the leading provide a of audio books, including all of our sex is the man who must took his wife for a hat I totally fascinating collection of curious neuro logic cases like this one. For not only the doctor p increasingly failed to see face as but he saw faces when there were no faces to see, genius√«goodlike when in the street he might pat the heads of waterhydra ns and parking meterstaking these to be the heads of children. There is a huge selection and down load of. 