Capital is a novel about London I have been running out for a number of years. I started working at the end of 2005 eight 2006 and I want to write a novel about lots of basic about things I could see out my window in terms of how London and changed and in particular, what seemed to me when I started it was very obvious that was that it was the peak of a bubble. And you know about sure that the bubble with pop I thought it was actually just a property bubble that would open, in fact, it turned out to be this all others of global system thing. If the capital city is seen as in some sort of structural a different from everywhere, as it says, it's where the government is where the rich people there are, it's all the people you don't LE o and then there is us, you know the poor, the government, the outside and I think that's a negative direction of travel for Britain. It may be that you know for London property bubble pop, but the met at the moment is being sustained by. A lot of money coming in protect from the u, so basically flight capital flight from the you and if that bubble pop it maybe that the kind of gas leak out of the balloon and things gradually kind of lies. Even there is a very basic distinction between the place people want to go to and the place people want to Free flee from. And most of London problems come from being the first kind of place and that's a much better set of problems to have than the other side. It turns to the political choice is available to London London is London is Frank li to press ING you know that be having a run of forest we can not nothing against his individuals but it a pretty narrow range of options for you know what people come with the straight face describe as the capital of the world is it you know is it really the best the system can do? I can't look half a century into the future of London I think you no looking. A few years ahead it may be that if the published comes around a bit, we we may well go through something like. What the Japanese went through two decades of relatively flat growth and actually lots of ways cultural in you me that's been a good thing for Japan. 