≤ª°£You don't really look at a tooth brush and say I'm great, but we look at the topic which is agreement to they can remind you and your self conscious to like really be proud and I an afro pig is a you till it ary on to use to maintain the afro hair style. I think the afro PIC was designed for the economics of creating something I felt like you are run and fingers to your hear the shape even the death that it goes on its like a hand. You have plastic or night long teeth and then you have the stand this still the knick always prefer the metal to this could not like the sound. On the ones I no have the black power face on the handle when I think of black hair in America I think of something has been police back in the days it was expected for by people to treat their hair whether that is healthy for them is the second everything to landing in in the 50 students are bed for it. And a lot of Jazz singer is we're tired of training the here. So they say we're going to just let it grow naturally and started writing natural close craft. And in the 60 that if with the formation of the afro which was the craft hair and natural picked out into more cool shape, you have civil rights leaders activities that adopted the hair salon of the means of a billion in black pride°£And then you have musician like James brown who is infinite¿Ônow for chemical and his a project that on goingit went hand to hand with his music. So he has someone's like say it loud and black and I'm proud of the black is beautiful. Movement is just reject ING the notion that to be black out to be half dark skin to have a curl ea great of hair was something to be ashamed. II have one of my favorite pictures of my mother and my grandmother. And my grandmother had a small throw, a thousand of 60. African here comes a back to thirty 500 bce the oldest African comes around in ancient Egypt and sue dan, so they will make m pyramid and comes. For the way the action of Africa ns were a Bell is represented status or travel a fili Asian is no CO incident that the 5th on the modern Pro PIC also says the town for a fili Asian and what set u claim, and then is the black power movement. Most movements me that I can write you have the 5th, you have the fro these things come on side with the black pan to STH etic, where you can put your child from a far because you not just keeping a PIC and like your beauty. Because is like it on your back pocket purpose live with the 5th outside with us in your hear you have in your heart without thinking about that definitely think about and the day with her o percent of elegant style freedom Bell and you feel all these feelings that once when you see and of the day was fighting for her life and federal court, by the eighties the afro style became less radical by pyx is still produced to this day with the clutch 5th. So the remains of the movement in the everyday objects. When I was young, it was just like another object was a calm, but as I became more in light and to really understand like the roots in origin and the intention ality of the design and why the fish and all of these things. I woke up. 