This is the plan for a cave of cipher strategy. Three steps. Step one will I will great a connection with friends and family, allowing gathering of up to 10 people and five guests in your own home. Working from home if it works for you and your employee, it will see children back in class rooms and in playground in their communities. Golf is back on the green lap swimming back in the pool, boot Camp. Back in the park's re tail and small cafe and restaurant opening, interest rate recognition and travel, starting again. It will seize ING of rich as for funeral up to 30 at 10 days outdoors, and 10 at wings. Step to will allow largest size gathering of up to 20 people including for then you such as cinema is on gallery, and more re tali opening on set to buy. Covered safe plans, organized community, support, organized community sport, and beauty palace. And you'll be pleased to know by class is open once again. Step three, allowing gathering of up to 100 people. This will become clear, as we move through the first two steps. So there will be more work to do on step three. But most workers by then will be back in the workplace. It is a state travel will likely resume BS and clubs with some rie can's will be open. And also possibly game ING v news. As I said it is ours position is a great amount premiere in chief minister's of myself, that in July we will have moved through these three steps across the country. The place that I will totally be up to the states and territory. They will. Be responsible for sitting there own time table and communicate ING that to their citizens and residence in their own States and territory. While we relax some of these measures course li every Australia has to do there be every Australia has to do the things that i've said already about distance ING and good health and staying at home when will, we could lose the battle that we won so well so far, very few countries in the world and her position to stand here to die, and out line the plan that we are now in bar king on because there are no position to do so Australia ns have given myself. The chief medical officer, the premiere chief minister, you have given us the opportunity Australia to go forward with this plan and now we will implement this plan to get up. And when that plan has been implement ID, people will be back in work. People will be back together. And Australia will be stronger. Thank you very much. 