This video is bon said by North VPN. Hi, this is Emily from minute. From the tip of miao never is to the bottom of the marry on a trend l of Asian on earth's been over 65000 feet, but we all know that those extreme ations are super rare and that the vast majority of our planet surface for somewhere in the middle. So it seems like if you added up the point at the very Top and then a little lower and all the way down to the bottom you to end up with something like this, a simple normal distribution with very little area at the Top and bottom and a big continent Venus we'd be right. This is what the but of Asian is distributed like this. It has to have so very few points, very high and very low, but a lot of points around the level and then again a lot of points, several thousand feet below. And if you took all these points and arrange them from lowest high. You could see the earth's surface has to sort of levels to it. The main reason is the earth hour later, the crust is made up of two different materials its all Rock but the Rock that makes up the sea floor is den said than the Rock that makes up the continent. And this den city difference has made your consequences because ocean floor is and confidence don't just sit there together with the rocky man to blow them their broken up in a big place that right around on connection current flow in deep inside of earth. And when to play a lied, the outcome is pretty much determined by den city ocean pl ates are dancer than content of ones. In fact, there are so dance that when the to place cle I did the ocean 16 back down into the planet. On the other hand, when to conscience cle i'd neither is dance in ur pf to go down. So instead they both go up creating mountain range as and thick and ING up the continent of Christ as a result. The content of Christ is on average, about four times the ker than the ocean crust. So it's average Asian is much higher. On the average of Asian of the ocean floor, which explain this weird double hump television distribution curve. And actually if was more like Venus is with it so called normal distribution only about 5% of it and area a little smaller than Africa would be above sea level. Living not much face for land lovers like us just one more reason to be glad there is nothing normal about earth. Have you ever had that experience wear some of your favorite create as get together and make an awesome new show that you can't watch because of job locking or are you just someone who uses the internet and values your privacy then you might want to know about this video sponsor North VPN Norton crypt your data and then root it through thousands of service and 61 countries around the world keeping your brow zing safe from the eyes of internet service provide as and even government, to get started with North VPN and get 77% of a 3 year plan good and or VP. And outcome slash minute and use the code minute earth and check out that's nor VPN dot com flash monitor. 