While the world continues to battle, the camera is the blame game between the us and China continues its intend to five now China has a shoulder length of bottle to what it says r 24 past the salary and buy some leading American politicians over the handling of the current of this out break, Chinese state media she was article this miss is 20 for different things from the United States saying the decision to love don Hahn on the 23rd of January had sent out a strong message to the world that the virus was the interest. At 30 page, 11000 words article posted on the Chinese Ministry website on Saturday night ads to the's reputation. Reject suggestions by us president Donald trump and my computer that the current of us should be called the Chinese virus or wu han virus. The article size documents from the World Health Organization that say the name of the virus should not be country specific. It also. The start the color of Iris had been manufacture dinner, wu han lab, sightseeing, scientific assessment that it was not man made for lift accident. The article claims that the biology lab has been a joint venture with France and staff had been trained in the United States as well. China has repeated the reject it criticism by the United States in recent months, but observe a say that the land of bottle is a sign that relations between the two nations r severe li was learning and likely to affect read and other areas. Omit crisis and destruction the world wide it is the time of norm ality that people are living life is indeed a closer in that direction in Hong Kong, the family quiet streets and empty shop sa now living back to normal c. The Hong Kong administration has seized destruction and losing the social distance in rules. Inner city mind by pan dem ich driven reception and Chinese pressure on the reel opening of many businesses have been a welcome change. But the threat of the virus remains due to which salt in the fiction will continue to be in place while Jim cinema salon have been the open the rules of social distance inc still need to be followed. Bars are permitted to operate at half past with most be mad at a distance of one of the half meters between tables have to be in short while live music performance is and dancing. Are bad. Carry OK bars bath House and night clubs will also remain close until for the notice temperature checks and hands and ties are also on in tegra part of these measures eve and restaurants will be allowed to take booking from groups of up to eight people. The cove a time in panda make has lost. Sleep in kind to Hong Kong but there once my tea economy now remember as a half of its former glory and wild a life has been shown. Hey, wire for many Hong Kong is the fields opening of business as has offered the much needed relief. 