Strangers r r exciting partly because your new time with them like they don't know you either. So so suddenly as you are learning about them and engage in with them for the first time, it's sort of like you two could be anyone and r. And there's something so liberate ING about that. And and it only happens when I mean once you know them then that's not going to happen again and you you both of becoming a really are more and more I'm always afraid of being bored you know so I don't want to talk to people because they're going to be boring and I'm not going to get away. And I think one good thing to remember is that like you have a agency like there is something interesting about them. I mean, they've had sex with someone they've done some. Something bad they are. They care about something you know that you can relate to. And you can just ask that there is no law that says you can't ask anything you want. And you can just keep asking questions until, until it's interesting. I started interview ING people who are selling things through the class if i'd just kind of is a way to meet strangers and eventually I met this old man. And I kissed him in my movie. And he was playing himself. And he died and but was a huge part of my life for the last couple of years of his life and and I was a big part of his life and sometimes I can't believe that it all began by calling his. At in the class, if i'd one of the best parts of performing live in front of an audience is that all actually really there in that moment together and we're only ever going to be there. Right then and so I'm always trying to find ways to to get it that that that feeling in to know more about who all these people are these strangers I'm actually, like border line anti social and even a little shy when I'm not on stage. So so it's a good r forever tunnel around in my own head is safe to say most people don't have any idea about my work, you know I mean which is great. I mean my whole life would be ruined if if there were no more strangers or people for whom I was a stranger, that's what so. Great about strangers as they are strange like their UN familiar you know there and they r. And I guess that's part of the appeal, to me is is like I can actually feel myself, because it I'm suddenly and I'm familiar context and like the edges of who I am and how I seem. I become aware of because everything is strange until there are a friend and then I'm just me. 