These five actors have a ward movie go as with fully dimensional characters some drawn from real life, all of them larger than life. The black was to screen writer in Rome o will ask not abandon don Mars, frontier XM and bit raid by his companions. Emotion, À˘“‘ƒÿof the cafe the revenue, Steve jobs. And he read the day is girl. And the Oscar goes to in order to. Thank you, thank you also very much. Thank you to the academy. Thank you to all of you in this room I have to congratulate the other incredible nominal this year for the unbelievable performance is other evident was a product of the Tyler's efforts of an unbelievable cast and crew. I like I got to work along side for STH off to my brother in this and ever MR Tom Hardy Tom on screen can only be so past by your friend ship off screen to MR hundred and two. As the history of cinema and fold you have for your way into the history of the past two years, what an unbelievable town you are, thank you to you in for for creating a trend sentence in a matic experience for all of us. Thank you to every. Body at fox and new re gency in particular on me and you are the champion of this in devil. My entire team have to think everyone from the very on set of my career MR Jones for casting me my first film MR sexy for teaching me so much about the cine matic arts form to MR Rick. Thank you for helping me navigate my way through this industry and my parents and none of this would be possible without you and my friends I love you deal, you know who you are last. I just want to say this, making the residence was about man's relationship the natural world, the world that we collect felt in 2015 as the hardest year and recorded history our production needed to mood of the southern tip of this planet just to be able to find snow. Climate change is real that is happening right now. It is the most urgent threat facing our entire species. And and we need to work collect together and stop Pro cast in ated, profession. But we need to support leader's around the world who who do not speak for the big blue tears of the big corporation but who speak for all of humanity for the people of the world, for the billion zon billion of under privilege to people who will be most effective by this, for our children's children. And for those people out there, who's voices have been drown out by the politics of greed. I thank you all for this amazing a war tonight let us not take this planet for granted. I do not take tonight for granted. Thank you so very much. 