Well absolutely delighted that we joined by a doctor Tony doctor for your welcome good to be here. Thank you for joining us today. My pleasure beautiful Sunday morning in need it is now evening good news to the conference that you can see an end to the h and m. Well, I would call the course optim iz. I don't want anyone to get the idea that it's over and we could move on to something else, but what's happened over the last 10 years with the implementation of very effective treatment as well as some very effective prevention MOD ality is we have seen at first the graduate, but now a pretty substantial de crease in certain regions, not every region of the world, not only of in in new in action but in death, and there's a termin ology call the tip ping point when the number of people going on to TH ere AP exceed the number of people who are you li infect it, then when u mathematics starts to go down and that's what's happening, its by no. Means near the end, right? But its going now in the right direction, when for 20 plus he is it was doing this. So what to put that to pin point down to. Well, you know, the tip ping point I believe has to do with the combination of prevention MOD ality is that were people starting to utilize that, but probably most important is the issue of what we called treatment as prevention, because UN like some diseases. Hi vis a chronic vie rell disease. So if a person has a level, a virus and trans miss, the infection to a sexual partner injection drug use it if you can get that level a virus below detect the level it makes it is si ding li difficult for one person to tran smit from one to another. And so the fact that you seek out test and treat people you are doing to things that we call it a 2 for one, you're saying their lives because you're getting the virus on the control, but you are a matic Lee DY mini shing the likely Hood. They are going to infect someone else and that really is the major driving force of this is this partly to resource is because a lot of money has been directed fighting HIV. Well and extraordinary amount both from the research stand point and from the implementation stand point the national institute of health which is the major of fund of research for HIV AIDS has about 10% of our entire budget is for HIV that is substantial that one can argue that that this professional high but it got that high because of the aging nature of the Emmy the other thing is implementation. There is a program called the president's emergency plan for a drill e for a pet for which president George Bush established which is the largest program from the stand point of resources measured in billion in billion's of dollars, to bring treatment prevention and care to the developing world, particularly sub sahara nan ga. So the investment in research resources and implementation resources have been strong. Finally, I how do you just get involved with this? Well, there are a lot of things that you might not at first glance feel are related to your reality. But first of all, de crease dramatic li, then there are a kid ny functions now that people are living longer because there on any retro era p, there are a number of issues that are rising, tomas hidden in failure, urin ary tract infection, a variety of other issues. Wealth ankh you have so much in d for join the day, it's been fascinating to be with you. 