As you've been seeing, our health care system seems to be crum bling under neath this crisis, there is not enough there is not enough support for the health care system. There is not enough support of the American people inside of the health care system. Are you now re considering your position when it comes to single payer healthcare? Single player will not solve that at all. The thing that is needed is, for example, we have a whole number of hospitals that are being so stretched on the rule hospitals they're going to need more finance in that doesn't come from a single payer system that comes in the federal government step in up and dealing with the concerns that they have. There IM burse ment that they're going to get how they are going to be able to move forward and how they are going to be able to provide all the needed help that are needed in their communities. This is an opportunity to look at re construct in the health care system in a way that in fact can respond more rapidly and more and more and more effectively to these kinds of crisis, because it's going to come again we should be spending on we are. Spending a great deal of time and effort finding a vac seen finding a way that we can deal with prevent ING the disease is further down the road, but for example, we had people when our administration we had cd see people in other countries because we want to eat when in fact and other virus would occur when in fact the pan dem might occurs as a consequence of spreading virus in other country to act quickly. Present we will do those people insisted the way II didn't insist II suggest that we should have people in China to outside of this event. And when it all started and lu hao province and what happened we did not insist that they go into the air is one of the so II just that's all I can do is do what I know has to be done say what I know has to be done. So if you become the NA mini and then you do when the general election a lot of their how quickly and that matter can you re assembl the panda. Team that the president got rid of very quickly. Very quickly could be done very quickly and that's what my team is, talking about right now, how will we do that? If we win, and what we do exactly and day one, how will start? Hey, there are crazy for MSNbc. Thanks for watching MSNbc on YouTube at you want to keep up to date with the videos of putting out you can click sub scribe just below me or click LE on this list to see lots of other great videos. 