 Now that video picks up short way into the chase you can see read making comments that he doesn't want to go back to jail you hear him say the officers are going to have to try a lot harder if they want to catch him. Eventually get to the point where he pulls the car over a few minutes later you can see from the video that he gets out and begins to run as the exchange of words with the officer. Yeah, ling to stop. At that point in the video you hear what sounds like a tiger and that's followed by it our account more than a dozen shot before that phone eventually lying on the ground picked up the investigation of where the officers work secure in the sea in there. Call me what do we know about John Reid. As well as far as read were actually reaching out to family and friends that knew him best. We have seen photographs coming out of re dress on air force you form. So we're working to learn who he was as a person now as far as the gun police claim that they found a gun that did not belong to the officers there at the seen they did not go into details about where they found that gun. They also claim that the officer was returning fire from a read again we are working to confirm what exactly happen the video doesn't give a lot of details we have reached out to police for body camera foot is we're still waiting to hear back from them it when that will be released that might help answer some questions but from the foot is you mentioned, we don't see a gun until the shots are fired at that point the phone was lying on the ground. So I'm wondering how the police department is handling the content of police department said that they have sick. Sure, that video through legal channels that they play on using that in this internal affairs investigation, which they open to after the shooting right now, that officer, of course, place on the ministry of live as this investigation continues. But again, they say that they are planning on using that as evidence and we reached out, as I mentioned it for other foot is that might help give some other angle or give and a bigger idea of what exactly let up to this and how this happened. Right now we are still waiting on that, Kobe feeling. 