And now there's a new form of cyber match making college net working website is this perhaps the next big thing in heart for dance Dylan Cole create a of Leslie in the university west match dot com and then in water town massachusetts Mark Zuckerberg creative creative Harvey. The Facebook dot com, and I guess we'll start with you, dan and what can tell you to do this. Well, software year I was a singer and kind of playing a romantic dry spell er and I realized that with my friend met and realize that it would be easier to find a girlfriend if I could just search in a database for what I wanted. One to still perfect ING it, west match is right, this is something more people in ter. Another. And they describe themselves and they say what's important and then our site comes back and tell them the most competitive people in the entire school. And now since we start to expand ING to other schools, they can now test the competitive and to other things with students across the nation. So that's the cat that we were trying to fill. And now we're the hundred thousand people. So who knows where we're going next time? We are hoping to have many more university is buy it fall hopefully over a hundred and 200. And from there were going to launch bunch of sad applications which should keep people coming back to the site and maybe could make something cool. What is the Facebook exactly? It's an online director that connect people through university is on college is through their social networks there. U sign on you make a profile about yourself by answering some questions and doing some Information such as your concentration or major at school, contact Information about phone numbers, instant message in screen names, anything you want to tell interests what books do you like movies and most important who your friends are and then you can browse around. And so you people friends are and just check out those online identity is and see how people prepare to themselves and just find some interesting. Formation of people. Dan, do you make any money? Are we do we license the site to other schools and we run the side and provide for them for this mess ter for all their students we actually create a customer site for their school so it feels like a personal personnel of custom I site that it was not some scheduled dating site that people might not use but really feels like some to everyone the unit on do and we have between 79% of all the schools were are on the site and Mark Zuckerberg with us talking about the online social net working business to stay with this was I nbc writer. Thanks for checking out cn BC on YouTube be sure to sub scribe to say up to date on all of the days biggest stories you can also click on any of the video is around me to watch the latest from c nbc. Thanks for watching. 