I think there are 27 ethnic minority members of parliament r, back and Asia ns on the equal to represent tour is on the and labor I don't think the liberal democrats have not managed to get one, that says a lot about them. But at the end of the day they represent members of parliament represent the constitution, and some people like that, how about the willing to come out and on and address certain issues. But I think by and large most of these people would be Korea people with ambition. And they know that if they really want to get on in the tour of party or in the labor party they have to tell the party line. So we need something to contact, contract that we need, black people need the voice out side of the political system. As we had a voice back in the age of the seven keys, you know strong aut ono mous organizations Organization is like the black parents movement, the black east movement raised to the collecting and so on, who could mobil ize. 20000 people for a March in London in response to arrange the city. And those kind of organizations don't exist anymore. There are some of some organizations that they are very small and very narrow idea logical and what we need our organizations. Aut ono mous organizations from the black community were to to build the lion's or is on to the lion's is you know across all races class is gender groups Diana but was absolutely right when she said when she talked about divide and rule I think she was just died in the media for that. But that is that is a fact historical that has been a method you. Is by Britain to to rule its its colonial people and to manage the work in class, r. She she was thought she also mentioned about that people being the the last to be higher than the first to be fired and she is absolutely right on that point to multi cultural ism has never been an issue. In my mind in this country it has never been an issue. The issue has been about racial pression on class of ocean. Talk about multi cultural ism is the diverse from the really is that face us that face work in class people and ethnic minorities in this country that is the racial equality social justice. 