Noise. The sound is a really big part, I think of the experience of using a pencil and it has is really a scratch iness. The pencil is a very simple object. Its made of wood with some layers of paint and a razor and a car which has made out of graphic play and water yet. It took hundreds of people over centuries to come to this design and its that long history of cooperation that to me makes it a very perfect object. The story of the pencil starts with graph. I people start of finding really useful applications for this new substance. They cut it into small steps and wrapped in string or she. And our paper and sold it on the streets of London to be used for writing or for drawing or a lot of times of farmers and shepp ard to reduce it to Mark their animals. Over in France Nicholas figured out a method of grind in the graph, I missing it with powder day and water to make a pay STH from there. This place was filled in to a mode on fire dinner and the result was a really, really strong graphic card that wasn't a couple that was smooth. The use of it was so much better than anything else that exists it at the time. And to this day that's the method that way. Been making pills. Meanwhile over in America and concrete massachusetts, it was Henry David thoreau who came up with the greatest scale for a different harness of the pencil is great at 134 number to being the ideal harness for general use. The soft to the pencil, the more graph I to had it, and the darker and smooth the line will be. On the farm of the pencil, the Mark ley it had it and the lighter and fire it will be. Original in pencil wear hand made they were made around there was no easy way to make them and it was the americans who really mechan I lot of people credit Joseph dix on for being one of the first people to start developing actual machines to do things like how would cut into the would like blue to them and they figured out that it was easier and less waste ful to do a hex apple pencil and so that became the standard. Originally it was brought from that were used to scratch your pencil Marks and later rubber and promise. The attached to raise a happened in 1858 one American station or hai MIN lim and pattern to the first pencil with and attach to raise a which really changed the pencil game. The world's first yellow pencil was the queen or 1500 coming or to this crazy thing or they painted the pencil with 14 coat of yellow pain. And if the end and 14 care of gold. There is a pencil for everyone and every pence has a story. The black wing 602 is famous for being used by a lot of writers, especially John stein Beck and bottom. And then you have dix in pencil company. There are responsible for the distant I con to go its an icon. It's what people think of when they think of a pencil and what they think of and I think of school and the pencil is really a thing that I think the average user has never thought twice about how its made or why it's made the way it is because its just always been that way. In my opinion, there is nothing that can be done to make the pencil better than it is. It's perfect. 