Today to yield give rise to perhaps the most famous chart in college at alli of marine life over time that revealed five cat, a global bio diversity crash is in the past. Those crash is known as the big five mas extension r Carmen Lee believed to have been the biggest die off on earth history both in and out of the ocean. They include that time 66 million years ago when a huge media right took out the navy and dinosaur as well as the even more apocalyptic station at the end of the per me in period, which we have got more than 90% of our species. But the big five weren't the only big Macy stations and they might not have even been the biggest take the great oxygen event of 2.3 billion years ago. Evidence from ancient rocks tells us that levels of atmosphere. Oxygen spy Tara ning the oxygen ating Micro BS it had dama I we can't really say how that extension compared to the big five, because its victims were Micro scopic and left, virtually no signature in the fossil record. In fact, the fossil record only catch as a tiny fraction of the life that has ever existed on our planet. But it also capture za different fraction from one ear ld to the next. In general, the record gets less and less Complete the for the back in time you go, but that trend is complicated by several other factors. For one, we have a lot more fossil from swap places on period za vation. We also have a lot more Rock from some period's of time than others. And in general, the more Rock we have, the more fossil we find and the more and on life appears to have been. In other words, the fossil record is in consistent. So we can't just tell the number of species and take the result at face value as the cost is big five truc dead, but the Intelligence has. Have you some club statistics to adjust for those in consistent and the latest diversity curve makes it look like there have been eight major mae six Asia ns rather than five, but you could also count eleven or just now the list to the three most massive in short, it's pretty r ary. What is in the air is that some as extension alter the evolution ary tree of life far more radical e than others, for example, the first of the big five proved a way more than at percent of the species on earth, but it left all the big branch is of the tree in tact. So life went on more or less is that had before other mas extension, even some small ones like the one sixty six million years ago to the evolution ary far less even Lee d estimate ING some previously NBA. Hey, this is Emily on behalf of everyone here at minute. I just want to send out a big thanks to double for supporting our channel double dot com is the leading provide a of audio books across all types of s literature including fiction, non fiction and ot. Article is offering a 30 day trial for minute are things just go to double dot com slash minute to sign up and if you don't know what you want to listen to first i'd recommend the poison his hand book by des problem its a fascinating history of famous poison poison and the first friends of scientists working to detect and track them again that sort of the flash man on earth for your Free 30 day trial. Thanks. 