While the UK is RAM ping up its measures and response to the out break out this one and the bar has set down with Chinese and master to the UK liu xiao ming. Liu shared with us how the two countries are working together and their response. When we were had a very critical situation with regard to hu bei and British sign, send to ships of medical supplies to us. And we are very grateful to that. And now it's our time to provide mostly needed medical supplies to UK. And also we care very much about the Chinese national living in UK. President she is that we are great importance to have the safety of Chinese national, especially Chinese students in UK, you know we have 220000 Chinese students studying here. The large number in Europe the second in the world. And they are also very much concern about the academic especially in their parents in China the relatives. So I received a lot of phone calls from them I did to online discussion with the Chinese students in the past three days. And the UK is preparing for a huge rise in cases in the coming weeks give and China is experience the two countries leaders speaking only this week has there been an official request for help from China from the British authorities and how can you help if there is one, yes. You know we have a multi natural and we have a multi fold cooperation between China and UK. In this battle against me. As I said that our leaders has kept a very in tensive. Close consul tation communications on the very Top. And also we are our experts. 啊doctors are sharing experience is and in the telephone conversation prime minister Johnson also speak highly. Ava China's effective nice and speed in controlling this virus and also said the Chinese experience is very valuable. And you want to draw lessons and experience from China. So we are ready to offer to share our experience with the UK, and also our two countries working very closely and around the clock, on drugs magazine, about the British university, like ox ferd, imperial college cam bridge, working on very closely with our counter part in China and Chinese 