Hi, this is Kate for minute. Early access to wear take the snap for everything from converse¬ÙMOS to birds of prey lucky they had developed a basic Prada to pattern recognition system that quickly located threatened gave the prime it's time to escape°£But when Prada to listen a KS first came on the scene that system totally failed, that's because snake Sari sensual stick look likes his hundreds of rib muscles and huge venture skills help them move in a way that no other Prada does which kept them in card mido and help them chow down on suspected pray. But eventually some of these prime ates of what a mounted to sneak detect adaptation XR like neuron devoted specifically to snake spot it that helped the powder monkey is quickly recognize originally stick has dangerous and get out of age. Eventually, some of those helpful snake sen sing adaptation Scott passed down all the way to humans test the measure of the electrical activity in our brains show that when we look at pictures of snake swe experienced lots of activity right at the point when the brain is the value ating threat fire. More than when we are looking at pictures of other credit as and take a look at the sequence as you'll probably see the creature on the Top in an earlier frame, then you see the one below because your brain needs the last visual Information to pick out of snake and to identify other animals. Some researchers even think that we have of there are some color vision in part to help us successfully spots nake. And there are some evidence that are sensitive to the snake actually makes us Pro to fear that, but we don't yet know exactly how, what is clear that is that we definitely have snake on the brain. Hi, this video was sponsor by 23 and me it's personal etic analysis company that was created to help people understand their DNA and to offer in sight into their answers to their personal trait in our health. U silence lovers will probably figure out the name right a way its not to the 23 pairs of commerce ohms that carried to our DNA. So they actually said me this test kit to learn about my dma story I'm pretty excited to try it out. All I have to do is to spit in to this too. There is no need is no blood is really easy. Look at this all back in a couple of weeks and I'm actually going to share some of them with you guys in one of our next videos. Hopefully they can tell me where this red hair came from cause I have no idea to learn about your DNA story and to support our channel go to 23 and me dot com slash minute will see you next time. 