On this week's edition of story time with job and we have joy with the ring story about you know, the thing kinds of things that that have to be done. You know there is a during war. Two are you know or rose of all came up with the thing that you know was totally different than a then the is called he called the you know the water he had the war, the the war production board Sunday group. Story with job. II tell you what it was about but I have no idea we got to. It's just but you got I mean the we got to re assure, hey, my my message to everybody I talk to, have you ever had dreams that you are you had you what you can you do you what you want you can do so you do if you want you want him to do you so much you could do anything. Now that much more sing do you know all the burning rose. At this particular moment, r like our guy had a broken heart attack only months ago and he still was 10 times better than this, he at least no where he was at any given point in time, he could at least handle the task of like formula. Be sick sentence as, look, I know the guy really corrupt. Really cree py like sniff on every woman's hair and rub in up on young girls. But really does anyone love this man enough to send him home you got his wife sitting there in courage elder abuse with every single interview that she goes on where she is his care taker. Yes honey, yes if you finish the sentence you will get ice cream for dinner tonight. I don't know you would think that the crack a Dick son who made millions of his daddy's career. I don't know my feel the need to repay his own father by like making sure that he gets off the public stage and he's able to live out his golden years in a man or without being humil ated on national television everyday. Crack so UN reliable. Oh, I know. If this man makes it to the debate and that is a big, if it is not going to be pretty for him. So if any one loves job and enough. Send him home already. What's up, everybody don't forget to follow and like my page you can find me all of our social media as rtx and don't forget to sub scribe to my new you tube channel is UN filter to go there now go, go go. 