Noise. The who he is an amazing object. It's one of those times this object that we hardly think of because they worked so well that their part of our lives, you know we call them humble master pieces. D has been even if it was not called so that it's been an icon throughout history. Fed reasons. The early ones that we can trees are from ancient Greece and ancient Rome the middle ages you see a lot of months that we're wearing the government's that work a play with who is attached. So therefore hoodie. Ladies in the seven teenth century what where who is too kind of hide themselves when we are going to meet their lovers and then of course there. Is the Legend. There is fantasy. There is the image of the who de connected to the grim reaper. There is the image of the heart is connected to the execution. So there is the dark side of the Hood. The modern inter nation of the government is made usually of Cotton jersey that has a hoot attached with the draw string. Sometimes it has a my super pocket was introduced in the 1930 by Nick a bucket net income penny, and now it's called champion. It was meant to keep athletes warm. Of course, that it was such a function of such a comfortable government that it was very rapidly adopted by in a tease it gets all so adopted by hip hop on boys state board as and it takes on this kind of view street culture. It was at the same time super comfortable perfect for the streets and also had that added And then we have Mark Zuckerberg that define convention of respect ful, a tired for business people. But interesting Lily it's also a way to show how power has changed she wearing a to be suit you might be the body guard. The real powerful person is wearing a Hood with the Tshirt and jeans. It's easy to think of the physical aspects of the Hood. You can immediately think of wearing the Hood up and you feel this warm and this protection. But at the same time, you can also feel the cycle r gical aspects of it to me think of dying of who do all of a sudden. You feel more protect of you feel that you are into your own shell. We know very well what the Hood has come to see if I in the past few years in the United States when tray von Martin 17 year old African American kid was shot by the neighbourhood vigil ante and millions. March is happened all over the United States in which people were who is with the Hood up and Martin the streets at against this kind of pressure diss. It doesn't happen that often for a government to have so much symbol ism and history and that in campus so many different universe is as the Hood soul I call Carmen is especially all truly you till it and government it is very basic and it's design, but at the same time it has a whole universe of possibility is attached. 