This video was brought to you by you. Hi, this is Emily from minute. For the red squirrel of Canada, you can tear it, ory 2010 was an extra busy year. Every fall the squirrel gather seed comes from white spirit trees and heard them under ground for later. And most years each tree produce is around 100 comes, but in 2010, all the white space is in the region crank. They're kon making way up producing almost 3000 kon speech. This wasn't a freak event, its a phenomenon called ma sing in which all the plants are particular species in an area go totally not in a big baby making banana n't talk over long distance is so we think they were respond ING to the same regional weather like rain fall and warm spring time temperature and that whether might simply. B particularly good for baby making, but it's also possible that the trees are using the weather as a cue to do something. A lot more strategic for space is that rely on the wind to carry mail Paul and from one tree to the female flowers of another the best way for any one tree to make lots of babies is for all the trees to make lots of Paul and and lots of flowers. But because going big sale up there re productive energy for occasionally tree sex traffic and some type of trees all seem to use master as a way to protect their seats from seed Prada to zhe, for example, schools like to eat a corn which is a problem for oak tree is because it was that get it and don't become trees. And if a population of oak tree is produced the same number of a corn every year the local population of schools will likely grow on till it. Can it just that number of course, but if the trees keep a corn and lomo steer, the scroll population will. Also stay low and then during so called masters of these few schools can stop them selves silly without putting a dent in the acorn supply leaving plenty behind to spread out and grow. So for some trees last and could be a way to extend the life of their species without becoming the seas. That class Iran was brought to you by you are patriot patriot ssa new to sponsor is recognized that UN like not funding for minute doesn't grow on trees. If you don't get the apartment at on you like learning about tree sex and other weird and wonderful things to consider supporting us by going to patri on dot com slash monitor and pl edging as little as $1 per episode, you can also support us from right here on YouTube by cooking the sponsor button below the video. With your help, we can keep making great science videos and expand our collection of writing Pope couple. 