Thank you to brilliant for sponsor ring this whole week of side show. Humans have been talking to each other for hundreds of thousands of years and for the most part researchers have a sou MM dw e have all been making the same basic sound no matter what language were speaking, we're all working with the same equipment after all, but a new study says that that is not the case. It claims that back before we develop the agriculture our teeth and jobs were different because we were chewing tough fiber foods. And that meant sum sa ns were harder to make. Let's just say the hunter gather as weren't going around saying the 54 more each according to this new research. Humans have only recently made f and v sounds as since they started eating soft food. So in the last 10000 years or so this actually isn't the new idea at the hype Arthur sis was first proposed by linguist Charles hockey tin. 1985 UC scientists have generally assumed that the language producing tool box of humans hasn't really changed for about half a million years as a result you should expect to find a rough with the same sound in all languages. The easier the sound is to produce the more often it should pop up according to linguist. The differences between the thousands of world language is mostly result ID from things like tiny pronunciation mistakes that spread cultural differences could even relate to geography as certain sounds are easier to make at higher l of Asian so Charles hockey, put one more explanation on the table diet. He noticed that the languages of modern hunter gather a society lact lebo dent. These are sounds produced by touching or nearly touching the bottom lip, to the upper teeth like conscience like f and v in English not let him to think differences between language is might actually come from how the food we eat effects. The way we bite both him and fossil zandt modern hunter gather as have what he called on edge bite where the Top teeth directly on Top of the bottom teeth. Touching edge to edge in childhood of human's start out with their Top teeth overlap ING their bottom teeth in a small over bite or what it called a scissors bytes, but over time tough foods where teeth down and the compensation. The teeth start to drift in world leading to an edge bite and of your Top and bottom teeth a line perfectly. It's harder to get your bottom lip in to the position where and for v sound is possible. But according to heart it, agriculture changed all that we started eating less meat and more grain and cooking came into the picture soft food metal s where and there for help humans. Keep their child like over bite into adult Hood scientists at the time didn't buy hearts hi path a sis they didn't think the to wear and tear could make that big of a difference to the human by plus r. Logical evidence back then said the time line did not up over bytes appeared much later than agriculture did in the end pocket back track on the idea of greeting that the timing was an issue, but research has since shown that where can not change a person's bite dramatic Lee and it's not well let over bytes became more common after the rise of agriculture in the new, but it changed in bytes doesn't necessarily mean to change in language. You would need more research to make that connection. So that's exactly what an international team did for the new study published last week in the journal science first they created a 3D simulation of the human mouth and to see if on over by real e did make lave eo is easier it did. It takes about 29% less energy to make an f sound with and over bite than it does with an edge bytes. Next they created a statistic model that showed that modern hunter gather a society only had about 27%. And as many lebo dent in their language is as agricultural society and historical, they found that the statistic like Lee Hood of a language having labia is increased over time. Starting several thousand years ago, around the same time that things like dairy and cult of 80 degrees became popular and they became a really calm and around twenty 500 years ago, when industrial me ling became a thing in places like Europe they also look at how the sounds appeared in those language is because a lot of language change is happen by accident. They figured that lady or would end up replace ING sounds that require a similar MT position they put their money on by lay bills sounds like p and m, that require you to bring your lips together if the culture big and speaking their language with an edge bite and then developed and over, but over time it's understand, but p sound might start to become an f sound here and there are enough. They found a lot of labor where by lay bills had once been like the Italian p is. Related to the English f, which in part explain how pod Ray became a father, not everyone embrace is these finding the sum of the object zek o those from its time saying that the researchers might be over state ING, how much diet can really affect language. Others say that it will ies a lot on and tested a sunshine is including the idea that the use of agriculture is a good short hand for a society is diet for the biggest elephant in this room is the fact that tree sing language differences to physical difference is often leads to f ino center ism, or flat races of something linguistic has had trouble with in the past. That is not a reason to abandon the results entirely just a reason to treat them with extra care the researchers stand by their day to tho and say their study shows and everything humans do happens in the context of how they live they've reader ated that there not claim that is it ology is the only predict a of language just that they think it should get more credit. Like it does for other human trade. There is no reason language and speech should be an exception. In this study, the researchers used statistic models to show that diet probably influence is the sounds we make. And if you want to really understand the math, that let us determine whether and outcome is likely if you want to learn something quick every day you might try your hand at their daily Challenge is everyday brilliant puts out a set of problems to Challenge your brain and to solve them. You really have to apply your knowledge of things like statistics logic and science. And right now the first 200 people to go sign up at brilliant x lash show will get 20% off the annual premium script and so you can view all of the daily Challenge is in the archive. Show all at the same time. That sounds pretty great. 