Now with newly released video in a racial charge case in Georgia 25 years old on black man who was changed by two white men and fatal e shot, a district attorney now says a grand jury should decide whether to bring charges against the man who are not a rest ID. Mommy is in Atlanta with the story for us. Good morning Steve. Good morning to you, rob and the governor of Georgia and other state officials have no doubt seen this video for all demand ING thorough investigation and there are called this morning for the us justice department to investigate. People are out rage this morning after seeing this cell phone video that we shared around the world Tuesday it shows the moment from late February when 25 year older MOD Aubrey was killed, in the video are but. Is seen og ING to ward to men with guns who are stopped in a white pick up truck. Shots are fired and you see the young black man fall to his death. And he was his king and his life should have ended the weather the end it according to the police report the two white men in the truck r Greg ary and Travis MIC Michael of father and son. And Greg a remix Michael hu police say it was the one standing in the bed of the truck is a form a invest a gay to for the local district attorney. Police say he told them he and his son were chase ING r because they believe he look like someone who they thought was responsible for a number of recent break ins in their brunch with George a neighborhood. Amen this morning. To the police report, they say they were trying to make a citizens of rest and shot r bree on self defense police ARP was not found with the web. But the important reason why could not be a citizens of rest is the under that stat u citizen will actually have to observe a crime taking place. A ma boy is only observ running down the road r breeze mother wanted Cooper says she wants answer is now a lot of time is past and I'm ready to get these people who are responsible that grand jury one thing we should be until middle the early is because that's when the courts re open Robin from the coronavirus locked down Robin. Yes yes I'm telling you see that video made the round yesterday. Several people send it to me it is incredible to disturb ING what you see that video. It is and there are. Some people who find the timing of the grand jury announcement curious because it came just as this video was being circulate ID Robin. All right, thank you for being on at for Steve. Appreciate that. Well, hey, there de ma fans Robert Robert's here thinks for checking out our YouTube channel, lots of great stuff here. So go on click the sub scribe, but right over write over here to get more of awesome videos on content from g ma every day any time we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on ji ma. 