Hi, this is Kate for minute. Earth ocean water all 140 million square miles of it is all in to connect it, which becomes real clear when you look at the world like this technical our planet only has one ocean. The giant not so creative lin and world ocean, but that makes it hard to talk about different parts of the ocean on different parts of the planet. It makes sense to split it up, but how do you divide a continuous body of water? Since we humans have a habit of making things all about us historical we have divi du Paul that water based on our own percept ns, for example centuries ago western sea fair ING roots cluster DIN certain areas like between Europe and North America and western Africa and south America. As a result we thought about these areas as separate. But the problem with divide water based on our world view is that our world view is well fluid as our root diverse. Applied in our horizon while and we began to recognize just a single atlantic, the same thing happened elsewhere in the world and we ended up with for big blue ocean out lines mostly by land, to deal with parts that are out line by land. We will specifically matt makers and government organizations who like things cut and dried took the stick bits of land and extend the lines straight out from them. Problem solve we now have clearly define, but here is the thing the bit of water at the edge of say the Indian ocean is no different than the bit of the pacific ocean just next to it. In fact, these two bits of water are more similar to each other than they are to other bits of water in their own respect of ocean. So well, these boundary XM a be clear and convenient. They don't really say much of anything about the ocean of themselves, which seems kind of important maybe we should use what we actually know about. Ring by a strong east flow in current and the conversion stone ware fridge in polar water clouds with warmer salt air water from the North, the so called southern ocean is different and pretty much every way from the water that is essentially right next to it. And while it isn't officially deem DIN ocean by the world ocean d make body, it seems like the only bit of the world ocean that we can actually just ify separate. All those other division just don't seem to hold water. OK so divide up the ocean in a way that is both in tu itive and helpful is clearly kind of a problem problems like this can b complex and aunt. So where do you even start if you like to learn how to attack of complex problems in a way that successful and fun than you will like brilliant. Brilliant is a problem solve in website and APP with the hands on approach with over 60 interactive courses in science, computer science and math computer science is especially good for TAC ling big problems and the brilliant got a great new course that will have your program in a dream within minutes even if you don't know how to code to get hands on today go to rill Ian dot ORG slash minute and sign up for Free as a bonus for minute you as the first 200 people that go to that link will get 20% off the annual premium suspicion. That's brilliant slash minute. 