We all know that saving is important and is something that we should be doing. And yet, overall, we're doing less and less of it. We know what we need to do. The question is: How do we do it? And that's what I'm here to teach you. Your saving behavior isn't a question of how smart you are or how much willpower you have. The amount we save depends on the environmental cues around us. Let me give you an example. We ran a studyin which, in one group, we showed people their income on a monthly basis. In another group, we showed people their income on a weekly basis. And what we found was that people who saw their income on a weekly basis were able to budget better throughout the month. Now, it's important to know that we didn't change how much money people were receiving, we just change the environment in which they understood their income. And environmental cues like this have an impact. So I'm not going to share tricks with you that you already know. I'm not going to tell you how to open up a savings account or how to start saving for your retirement. What I am going to share with you is how to bridge this gap from your intentions to save and your actions. Are you ready? Here's number one: harness the power of pre-commitment. Fundamentally, we think about ourselves in two different ways: our present self and our future self. In the future, we're perfect. In the future, we're going to save for retirement, we're going to lose weight, we're going to call our parents more. But we oftentimes forget that our future self is exactly the same person as our present self. We know that one of the best times to save is when you get your tax return. So we tried an A/B test. In the first group, we texted people in early February, hopefully before they even filed for their taxes. And we asked them, "if you got a tax refund, what percentage would you like to save?" Now this is a really hard question. They didn't know if they would receive a tax refund or how much. But we ask the question anyway. In the second group we ask people right after they received their refund, "What percentage would you like to save?" Now, here is what happened. In that second condition, when people just received their tax refund, they wanted to save about 17% of their tax refund. But in the condition when we asked people before they even filed their taxes. Savings rates increased from 17% to 27% when we asked in February. Why? Because you're committing for your future self, and of course, your future self can save 27%. These large change in savings behaviour came from the fact that we change the decision making environment. We want you to be able to harness that same power, So take a moment. And think about the ways in which you can sign up your future self for something that you know today will be a little bit heart sign up for an app that lets you make saving the decisions in advance. The trick is you have to have that binding contract, number two: use transition moments to your advantage. We did an experiment with the website that helps older adults share their housing we ran two ads on social media targeted to the same population of 64-year-olds. In one group we said, hey, you're getting older, are you ready for retirement. House sharing can help in a second group we got a little bit more specific is said you are 64 turning 65. Are you ready for retirement house sharing can help. What we're doing in that second group is high lighting that a transition is happening. All of a sudden we saw click through rate and ultimately sign of rate increase. When we high light that in psychology, we call this the fresh start of fact. Weather is the start of a new year or even a new season, your motivation to act increases. So right now put a meeting request on your calendar for the day before your next birthday identify the one financial thing you most want to do. And commit yourself to it. The 3rd and final trick get a handle on small frequent purchase. We run a few different studies and found that the number one purchase people say they regret after bank fees is eating out, it's a frequent purchase we make almost every day and is death by a thousand cuts. A coffee here, a burrito there... It adds up and decrease our ability to save. Back when I lived in New York city I looked at my expenses and saw that I spent over $2000 on ride sharing apps. It was more than my new York city write. I vowed to make a change. On the next month I spent $2000 again no change because the Information alone didn't change my behavior. I didn't change my environment. So now that I was $4000 in the hole at that two things. The first is that I unlinked my credit card from my car-sharing apps. Instead a link to debt card that only had $300 a month. If I need more, I had to go through the whole process of adding a new card and we know that every click every barrier changes our behavior. We are machines we don't carry around an abacus everyday adding up what we're spending and comparison to what we want it, but what our brains are very good at is counting up the number of times we have done something. So I gave myself a limit. I can only use ride-sharing apps three times a week. It forced me to ration my travel I got to handle on my car sharing expenses to the benefit of my husband because of the environmental that I did so get a handle on whatever that purchase for you and change your make it harder to do so. Those are my tips for you. But I want you to remember one thing. As human beings we can be a rational when it comes to saveing and spending on budgeting but luckily we know this about ourselves and we can predict how will understand. Let's do that was saving. Let's change our environment to help our future selves. 