Side show supported by brilliant dog. The world can take just probably conscious of all sorts of her if ique images of a bola or the play disease is that have a reputation for group in dis crimin ate killing so you might be surprised to hear that when it comes to the world's most can take just those don't even make the Top 10 the winner is on that list can be 10 or more times as a just as a bow or the play and they aren't off in some remote jun gle or a thing of the past either they are right here right now. In fact, miz that almost a limited virus now making head lines and places like Washington in New York is one of the most can take a GIA's disease, as we know of and it's a GIA's'd contain g mol. The scientist that study has diseases spread, a disease is considered, especially if 16 person is likely to infect a lot of other people and that's something that can be qualified the average number of people that a single sick person. In fact. There are a lot of variable that can pack how can use of package and will be in a specific environment, so can teach us this can vary from location to location and out break to out break when are not is less than one. A disease is considered self limit ING. Basically its not going to spread through a population and will eventually just die out when are not is 1 a disease, what kind of hang around but it won't cause and out break when are not as above one things start to look bad because the number of effective people increases ex ponent. But to put that in perspective, the most continuous diseases we know of have double or even triple digit r not that ya disease like a bola, which has an are not between 1.5 and 2.5, can cause epp a dem EXP at isn't considered super continuous. It is very infection. S is measured by the effective dose basically how many virus part is bacteria cells or other statistic little vehicles of doom it actually takes to make you sick. A bola is also really deadly. So basically its extra super Terry fine. But if somebody in your town has a bola, you could probably hit up the local grocer east or without worry. That's not true for real e contain GIA's disease is like me, zhe me zl zy zer vax in prevent able disease that was basically a lemon ated from the United States at the turn of the century, but now it's calling its way back. Yeah. Meals are not from previous out breaks vary a lot from about five to several hundred depending on factors like population den city and the nation status. But taking together it is clear that if no one is in ated than an effective person with meals will likely in fact more than a dozen other people, each of whom can go on to in fact and other does and are so more people and so on. And it takes vax in Asian rates above 95% to push that are not to one or. Less to keep it in check. One of the main reasons is so can take is that kind of like a bola its really infection. It doesn't take a lot of Iris to get you sick if you're in close contact with someone who has meals on your own vax in ated. Your chances of getting sick are about 90%. Meanwhile during flu season, you probably breathe in influen za virus is any time you enter an en closed public space like an airplane or a day care without getting sick. Most of the time and other big reason it gets around is its root of transmission muse can go airborne where it can linger for up to two hours you someone with meals can walk into an elevator cough and then two hours later you can walk into the same elevator and catch it. You don't even have to be in the same room at the same time and me's has a way to ensure a lot of little infection virus is get into the air with every cough as they say in real estate, its all about location location location, the miz virus makes it self at home in your trip at the Top of your s poetry system. So it's in a prime position to come out when you call for snee ze other for a river. Is like influen za. I have to travel much further in order to get out of your body and a bola by comparison is spread through body fluid. So you have to come into contact with things like blood mommy tories in order to become infect ID, which is much less likely than the elevator sin r ry o infinite Lee more dis gust in also people with the bola aren't continuous until they developed symptoms. So there not really like li to wonder around during the ages period when they can spread the people with meals can be can take up to four days before the character is to crash develop. So they might think they have a cold to shaking hands are going to disney land before even occurs to them that they should stay home. This sort of thing happens with other diseases to like the bacteria ll ner sport us also known is pink off Pro tests generally has an are not of 12 to 17, which probably have something to do with the fact that adolesce, nce and adults often get a mile dq old like version of the disease or have no symptoms at all. That simply not the case with influen za, which has a low. Are not of around one or two people with the flu r only continuous for about a day before they developed symptoms. And their most when there are three or four days in when their most likely to be in bed. One of the only virus is to Top meal of claim to can take his fame is rota virus, the nasty stomach bug that most common in children it has an average are not of about 25. And that's probably because like me, zl zy tz, extremely infection, but it's even harder. It causes the explosive dia rrhea and is most common in children. So so it can get all over kids hands when they. Catch the lump the virus that causes chicken box probably doesn't survive too long outside the human body though which is why it doesn't quite have the legs that means does so in conclusion you should stop pile beans, rice and bottle of water and never leave your House or you could take reasonable proportion against diseases the continuous ny severe assist like me or is a big part of why we have developed scenes against them. Because even if they're not as dead lia za BO LE they are still dead li likely Hood that someone will die depends a lot on where they live. But in developing countries is closer to 6%. Unfortunately, some people like young baby's or people with compromise the systems aren't able to get those vac scenes. So if you want to help protect everyone around you and stay safe yourself, you can get vax in ated and get your children in ated on the recommended schedule and don't forget to do the usual common sense things like wash your hands frequently, and for the most part, steer clear of other people's body fluid. I mean you might look out and stay healthy no matter what but taking such. Simple steps can reduce your eggs of getting sick. And if you really want to understand what it means to reduce the z ze, you might want to check out the probability course on brilliant ORG probability ZARA all around us all the time, and this course helps you get to know them inside and out by explain ING the map that under lies things like poker strategy and weather PRE diction that in turn can help you make more informed decisions from the best bet to make with your cards to whether you should carry your umbrella to day. It's one of the many interactive lessons and quiz in math and science the brilliant offers. 