 Tomorrow normal times. I also want to thank those of you who are staying at home there by helping to protect the valuable and spare ING many families. The pain already felt by those who have lost loved ones, together we are taking this disease. And I want to re assure you that if we remain united on resolution, then we will overcome it. I hope in the years to come, everyone will be able to take pride in how they respond to this Challenge. And there is to come after us will say the Britain's of this generation were as strong as any that the attrib ute of self discipline of quiet good humor resolve and a fellow feeling. Still character is this country. The pride in who we are is not a part of us. Past, it defined as our president and our future. The moment when the United Kingdom has come together to abort its Karen essential workers will be remembered as an expression of our national spirit. And it's simple will be the rainbow is drawn by children across the common wealth and around the world. We have seen hard wor ming stories of people coming together to help others. Be it through deliver ING food pass and medicine. Checking on neighbors, ork and virtue businesses to help the relief effort. And those self eisel ating me at times behind, many people of all face and of none. Our dis covering that it presents and opportunity to slow down. Pause and. In prayer medic ations. It remains me of the very first broadcast I made in 1940 help for my sister. We as children spoke from here at wins a, the children who had been an accurate ID from their homes and sent away for their own safety. Today once again, many will feel a painful sense of separation from their loved ones. But now as then, we know deep down, that it is the right thing to do, while we have face challenges before, this one is different. This time we join with all nations across the globe, in a common and ever using the great advance is of science, and our instinct of comparison to heal Success will belong to everyone of us. We should take comfort that while we may have more still to and you're better days will return. We will be with our friends again. We will be with our families again. We will meet again. But for now I send my thanks and warm is good wishes to you all. 