This morning as unemployment number. So across the country COVID-19 is also changing how people find the career. Companies in several States are holding drive through job fairs. People looking for employment at the security for me to Los Angeles register online and pull up to ades igg. Coach comes as job losses reach new highs pay roll company atp says the private sector slash tower record 20 million jobs between March and April the biggest job losses where in transportation construction and services in hospital ity. A report out thicarrs morning is expected to show and other 3 million americans file for and employment benefits last week. Bringing the total to 33 million since March. And the labor department month li jobs report tomorrow is expected to show and unemployment rate of 15 to 20% in my guess right now is that is got to be. The 60% may be as high as in 1920 percent. And so we are looking at you probably the worst unemployment rate since the great depression and it's worse in los vega swear experts say unemployment could be as high 25%. A ghost town its as a science fiction, got the sin area of just driving down the trip at night. And you've seen nothing. Working from home is providing a life line for some new data shows in the early stage as of the end m ique 90% of job losses came from people who couldn't work from home. But this morning more of the country is rio opening 43 states will have left it some business Rick and buy this weekend, including Iowa where this graph shows case is still sharply on the rise. Now more than 10000. Meanwhile in California some not essential business is in Los Angeles county are now being allowed to re open in the coming days and beginning Friday, floor is toy store music store book stores clothing. And supporting good stores in the city of Los Angeles may offer curb side pick up starting Saturday as well. You will be able to return to zhe and our golf courses will be re op and but in some areas business owners are not waiting for xt a be lifted. People line dup barber shop in Michigan to show their support for the owner who is defined stay at home orders call monkey says he decided to open after he was denied unemployment benefits twice. I just can't do it. I mean financial emotional I can't do it I have to work. I mean it's the necessity. On Texas the governor is now supporting Shelley Luther who was sent to seven days in jail for opening her salon. The states attorney general sent to letter to the judge Wednesday asking to set Luther Free. At our hearing Luther told the judge he kept her salon open because she needs the money to feed her family. Hi everyone's stuff and was here thanks for checking on the ABC news YouTube channel u like to get more video show high lights and watch live of coverage click on the right over here to sub scribe to our channel and don't forget the download the ABC news that for breaking news alert, as for watching. 