Are we have a lot of guests in our show on the ways they have stories about meeting you in from being on getting nervous and I don't know if you remember what the first time I met you in the first lady I was doing stand up comedy at it. Barbe que for our military family we we so appreciate it. Yeah thank you II loved it as well and I was opening up for the fight as and who's the fourth of July. In the White House and I get there now so nervous to meet you has Google how to say hello to the first lady, right? Like to say hello first lady Obama Obama first lady I didn't know how to say I think you said all of them I think I actually I were were three piece suit that day because I was really I just want to impress you. R. But it was an outdoor event on the fourth of July. And I remember I got there and a girl was there on board short and a Tshirt and they go there because you look hot I know. I really have its really boy ling and this is crazy because I want you I meet in the president goes that we're not basically saying that. Where the food fight as we don't, you know we we dressed, I go and then we wait online because we're going to taken with you guys I was so nervous to meet you and I went up and I was ur first lady miss first lady. And I and I walk over in the first place there is laughing looking at she goes, oh honey, oh my gosh, he's so sweet and took the time. It's true story losing my time. And I looked at you knew how to short shirt and keys on and I go hello MR president and you go did you get the memo at the barbe cue? And I think that was actually the peak of ya. Awkward. It just ask you just stayed up. What is the first thing you are going to do when you leave on r I'm going to get some sleep. That's for sure. It's actually AA moving thing. I know you're talking about senti ment ality, but I remember from my an operation president bush, you get on marine one and that you know the last time you get on the rain one they fly it to and there for space and then you get on air force one and its your last flight. And they'll take the any where you want and r. I think it's fair to say that it will be some place warm. And because its gonna be January, nation has been Free zing. You know I think Michelle and I will er take. Break somewhere for a couple of weeks and r, you know like girls manage for themselves. I read and hopefully it will be OK when we get back. Stay warm. I have a 3 piece suit for you that I. 