Hi, this is David for minute, and these are my finger print. Each one has a particular pattern on it, a world loop and arch in the case of my left them a somewhat rare double loop world. But even if your left on print has one of the boring patterns, your is your need to you. In fact there is no one in the world past present for future who has a finger print that match, is anyone of yours to understand why we first need to know how they form. Early on in people development of stem cell tish is called BO LE PAD throw under the skin on each finger was the bowl, a pat is small or big year off to the side or grows and even to determine the main pattern of the finger print, an arch, a world, a loop, or even a very interesting and exciting double loop world because your ball or PAD size on station is so much in etic, many relatives and most ident DNA alone isn't where the unique ness of finger print from. Has several layers of cells. All growing is different rates. And as the inner layer grows, the middle of bubble XR causing rich as to form in the upper layer. The rich is first for parallel to the three areas of greatest stress on growing finger near the finger nail near the at the first point and on Top of the bowl of PETS, like how nerve's on air is grower ld iz in the womb and on which direction the fingers orient ID relative the grav ity, and because there ko tick and UN predict able differences in each of the weather it give and rich becomes a dead end or a fork is essentially random, even for babies the develop in the same womb. The average person has around 54 or dead ends at different places on each finger print, even if over simply five things, ignore position and so on. And just think of each of these points as an independent conflict between. And and there are more than a drill and different possibility ZF a finger print to get a sense of how many possibility that is there a billion finger print in the world, which are presented by this black dota quadr ilian is 10000 times larger. And remember, this is a simply k and because the number of potential unique finger print it sway way big a when you take into account the relative positions of the points. So my left on print and all my finger print and all your finger print r, each pretty much mathematics to be the only one in the world. Each of your finger print is one of a kind and each of your password should be two. That's why I used to sponsor video dash lane random, unique strong password. Whenever I sign up for a new account and instantly loves me back in when ever I returned to the site. It also security auto fills my personal Information whenever I need to fill up on line forms and let me know if there's been a date of reach at my regular. The basic service is Free, but with premium I can access to lean on all my devices and. UN limited pass words and you know the best part I can use my own unique finger print to open the dash lane password in my phone to download your own Free 30 day trial of dash premium go to dash and dot com flash minute. The first 200 years can also get 10% off a yearly dash lane premium membership using the code minute earth and check out. 