MR president you just mentioned the governor of New York at that of course Andrew koh, there's been some special Asian that because he is handling the crown of virus threat here are in the New York area the way he is II just saw all this morning he is approval rating on hand in this is in the eighties. There's some suggestions that you know wouldn't he have been a better candidate for the democrats than job I die. I saw the New York times edit orial to that effect yesterday. What what do you make of that? Kind of talk? Not giving you for medical center is there were not sending your ship that he's got to hold and we didn't give them a thousands of the letters by the way and millions of mask. Because we have said them a lot of stuff. One of the reasons he is successful is because we have helped make him success or now if he is going to run, that's fine I wouldn't mind running against and you I just I know and you for a long time I wouldn't mind that but i'll be honest I think it would be a better candidate than the sleep. Er, I wouldn't mind running against and I don't mind running again still buy and II watch the critics of me and their hi Lisa fist cated critics I said you know where there it now. Job and has said and then they put this very hi Lisa vista cated statement that I said your bite and didn't write that statement and Jill by disney guarantee didn't even see that statement. So no, I think probably Andrew wood be better I'm going your right now, you know I want somebody at this country that that's going to do a great job and I hope I'm going to win the all say I'm going to wind that. Now is every pool says I'm going to win because you know you say he's got in good match but i've got in great Marks on what we have done with respect to this I have got in great Marks and even from almost every democrat governor. So i've got in great Marks also but we want to make sure that we have a great president we have somebody that is capable, I personally capable to what happens, you know I wish him luck. 