President Obama is cutting his Christmas vacation short to try to cut a deal is that physical Cliff now just six days until higher taxes for all americans and tonight the White House official is play sing the bird of not getting a deal on leaders of congress. One of LE sang the hits from our economy are not coming from outside factors that are coming from congressional stupid ity some members of congress do return to morrow these comments come just as water is prepared for her night line special tonight. Her sit down at the White House with the president in the first lady and to night here somewhere personal questions answered about their own relationship and the girls, one of them just got her first cellphone. I want to talk about the girls, we have been watching them grow up from little girls to young ladies. Now√«recently got her first cell phonedo you want to it and see who she calls or who she text I give my daughter at this age I give her a long°£ You know and there is monitoring because we have rules but monitoring maybe you never know what I'm going to walk in your room and I'm going to ask you are you who you talking to and are you talking about school work. But and and there not very good at line we joke sometimes about how animal is getting the age now on the boys start calling on and we all sort of always talk about how one of the main sentence for running again it was continuing secret service protection. Present this is Obama there is a photograph of you that when vie rell became the most shared photograph in the history of Twitter, how do you keep the fire going∞°°£That's a good question. You know we have been married now 20 years and you know like every marriage and I think you have your person you have your down but if you walk through the tough times, r, the respect and love that you feel. The old you know this is you told me at one point that you would never run for political office, you said that you don't have the Patience for political Patience for what? I have learned from my husband watching him that it does require a great deal of of Patience to really feel the full impact of the work that you do on the ground. It doesn't happen right away then she has a bigger r, difficulty bye to her tongue. I think i've done pretty well and then that I have opinions she is out of you know a little something about views. Yes. Something about you, yes yes I do. Sharing their views with the captain of the view and you can see much more in a special holiday edition of night line Christmas at the White House. 