This summer in Charlotte Virginia hundreds of far right democrats including the two cut scramb and me or not see my tears left violence and death in their way. On the least once thought buried and now being resurrect ID help from. There are people have victory. Which is it was from the centre of the far right summer of this content. So the ethnic is an ideal that it would be straight for our safe space. Why do you need to? Why why did you need to say space do you want to say, so do I want to yf? No state to state I can't live in. No. Why would you be against that? Sorry, why would you be against it? Well, let me see. There was a slavery that was a kind of fool that there was a time there was a party, and I have not been worked out so well. It didn't work out it didn't work out well for anybody it was a very very bad idea and African have benefit from their experience with white supreme acy. And we just have to look at the way I'm just going to leave that there have to believe that you know that is not even with challenges. You have that it Africa ns and look at the average look at the average life of an African American in the United States it's far better than any of Africa and living in Africa and so slavery was good for them. It look they benefit from being in a different nation on their own no doubt really. No doubt how can you deny that sorry how can you deny ridiculous is that people for a remove from their homes and taken to this country to work for nothing for a couple of centuries of that benefit then I look for a second considered that if they were able to stay in the country's weather. They were born and lived and what for removed that these comments might be in a better state. Now I seriously doubt that. So you you really proud of your eyes is among you you are really proud to be or not to be you are proud to that different from being proud to be a brick and had never existed. World history would be almost exactly the same as it is today. Because we are the genius. How do you do how can you really deny that you're talking nonsense, you'll never be an English man. You don't want to tell me why? Because my name is Richard sensor. My language and prove this message because you got nothing to say I was looking for someone who could give some intellectual balance to what's going on in this country in terms of racing in terms of white people. But I found the wrong guy cause you don't know what you're talking about.  