Noise. That's interesting. The people out there who live without ops takes. Top six r a pair of too long six used to eat, with one hand, all the chopsticks is a little bit like holding a pencil except you have two of them and you had to move them together in a pinch of movement. Most of them are made out of wood there also made out of plastic bamboo and gold silver and even I read and I think that's not to call these days anymore. Chopsticks are really well designed for eating small bits of food. There are good for picking up noodle if you really skills the rice and pick up dumpling is little piece of meat, they're definitely some no nose with chopsticks you should not use. The toxic drugs sex which I know is very very temp ting you definitely don't want to stick the chopsticks into a bowl of rice face up and the reason for that is it actually looks like a bowl of in sense of death. Different culture to have slightly different variation of chopsticks Chinese Top six was 10 b long and round Korea Top six which are flat a and often made of metal and Japanese chopsticks tend to be around and very very while the chopsticks are actually really common place in American society today there is definitely a time in the late 1800 and where this idea that Asian man because they eat rice with six were of a different quality than American man who a proper me with knife and fork, but when China and the United States began the diploma tic Is that as seen, has moved from the east in to the west chopsticks have become the part of the experience and there is evidence of chopsticks as long ago as the shang dynasty, which is about 3000 years ago and they love trip on during the qing dynasty. So when you cook with these big trip on, chopsticks are actually really useful because it was away for you to stir and to reach without getting burned as the water was falling in these really big pot. Chinese culture has nice and has for that uses them in many cases for cooking but in terms of like what moved into the dining room it was the chopsticks. One of the things about it and cooking is that it often comes in a very small pieces. And I think part of that has to do with the fact that it's actually a lot more energy efficient to cook little pieces quickly, but also that you don't have to cut them, so you can't have the circular influence At the same time, chopsticks reflect the community, nature of eating food you will have these dishes that you put in the middle of it's very family style, you kind of go on with your chopsticks and you put it on your eyes and then you you eat individual. There is actually a famous short of Legend where everyone has the is really, really really long chopsticks like way too long for them to feed them selves and so on, how everyone stars because they can't pick up food and put in their mouth but in heaven people take the same Top six and then each other. 