Now on job and has just released a statement that was released on medium and he talks about some of the things before he gets to the heart of the nations against him. And he says this I want to address the nation's by former staff for that I age in miss conduct 27 years ago they aren't true. This never happened. While the details of these actions of sexual har ass ment sexual assault a complicated, two things are not complicated. One is that women deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. And when they step forward they should be heard, not silence, which has changed repeated li in both small and big ways. But this much bears emphasize ING she has said she raised some of these issues with. News organizations that have talked to the literal e dozen za oss taff as have not found one not one who can operate at her a geisha ns in any way. And they indeed many of them spoke to the culture of an office that would not have to color ated her smart in any way. As in deed I would not have. There is a clear critical part of the story that can be very fide. The former staff is said she failed the complaint in 1993, but she does not have a record of this a ledge complaint. The papers for my sin, a tears that I don't need the university of del aware do not contain personnel files. It is the practice of senator establish the library of personal papers that document their record speech is policy proposal positions taken and the writing of bills. There is only one, the place that complaint of this kind could be the national archive. The national archive is where the records are kept and what is called the office of fair employment practices. Am request ING that the secretary of the senate ask the archive identify any record of the complaint she a ledge is as file and make available to the press any such document if there was ever any such complaint the record will be there. As a president all candidate time account to the American people we have lived long enough for the present who doesn't think and then he goes on talks about Donald trump that he talks about his own career. Thanks for checking out MSNbc on YouTube and make sure you said scribe to stay up to date on the days biggest stories and you can click on any of the video is around us to watch more for morning Joe and MSNbc thanks so much for watching. 