Hi, this is David for minute. Occasionally a piece of proof that is especially hard called the will break off from the lodge a Pope mas go floating around in a person's and test track and then get stuck in the narrow channel that connect the large and tested to a song called the index. This block it is the main cause of the disease is known as a pen to side as it makes the organs well like a balloon with the toxic combination of use and bacteria and it needs to be quickly treated before the sack burst. Strange people are much more likely to get a pen to side it's in certain places than others and that like li has something to do with how these roads Pope's get formed in the first place, the rate of a pen to side as rose dramatic Lee in the us and other wealthy country is during the 20th century. We think that that's because of increase in wealth meant that people in those countries started eating less fiber and more process foods and sugar which may have caused people in those places to have weird Pope's and that's more frequent. That diet hype office was supported for the when the doctor's notice that attended this was much more common in the summer. It turns out that we need a lot more sugar when it's warm outside, which seems to cause even more still rocks. And in countries like South Korea Iran and chilli that are just getting well today we are seeing increases in a straight that look a lot like those that happen in the USA year in the 20th century. Diet in those countries have also gotten rid of a lot of fire and added a lot of process food, but this relationship between a weird I at and a pen to side no longer seems to apply to the United States. In the last 40 years, even as people have got an even richer and continue to eat all sorts of junk, the rate of a pen to side has actually dropped almost 60%. And we're not exactly sure why perhaps after a few decades there in tests have simply a just it to the new start breaking out as much. Or maybe it's more complicated than that for now it's still a large and kind of thinking question Mark. This video was answered by tab for a cause the Free browser extension that don't ates a fraction of a penny to charity every time you open up a new tab. I personally opened up more than 5000 times since I download tab for a cause last year and have done a tit xt of the hearts I burned the foundation to de crease world suck one of a tors in charity is a tap for a cause support if you are not having for a cause yet click the link in the description to download the extension and get started today. 