And now is the late show exclusive Stephen CO bear is interview of fox news is interview of president trump MR president thank you for joining me this morning its too early I'm sorry I know you really put on pants before noon. So lets talk about the strike on solar money. It might have been the right move, I don't know, but one of your vacation was that he was planning to attack RMBc. Do you still stand by that, but I think it would have been for MAC could have been military base it could have been. And your own defense secretary says he didn't see any of that evidence. Where did you get all that in my blood? How many of your statements about the strike have been lies 80% or dis honest and I mean really just us. So why didn't you tell congress about the strike? Can you imagine that want us to call up and speak to cook it corrupt politicians Adam Schiff Adam we have somebody that we've been trying to get for. Long time. No, oh I love in love. Let me be. Hello, this is Adam Schiff what do you want know MR president? Could we meet me? Let's see today is not good I'm pretend to talk to the president lets do it in a couple of days. Now pretend I'm lou dogs and I see blue. Here is the problem. Is the problem that your president of the United States and you're getting advice from two dogs shift in years Oscar ns came out this morning, sir, can you believe that beyond snow BF a best original song. I just have such respect for the queen, I don't think they should be happening. You can paint on bring the troops home. But now you're sending more troops to saudi a rabia to pay us. That makes it sounds like you're ren ting out our troops KM erson is that's awful. Why why would you do that beautiful green cash OK seems like you. Moving on. You're in the middle of being in peach, sir, how would lead a handle that pressure? They had fold up like an umbrella. So do you know how to use an umbrella because this photo is put it down. They made that story up with the president. Thank you for joining me I'm so glad you keep a greeting to the fake interview and death to America. 