What about the opened? What about open talk? Yeah. What about it? It's dead, right? It's dead, right yeah. Well, you know let me let me say something is this I know some of you spend a lot of time working on stuff that we put a bullet in the head of. I apologize. I feel your pain. But apple suffered for several years. From no from Laos the engineering management, II have to say it. And there were people that were going off in 18 different directions. Doing argue the interesting things in each one of them good engineer. Lousy management and what happened was you look at the the farm that's been created with all these different animals going in different directions. And it doesn't add up at the the total is less than the sum of the parts. And so we had to decide what are the fundamental directions we are going in and what makes sense. And what does it. And there were a bunch of things that didn't. And you know the hardest thing is when you think about focusing, right? You think we focusing is is saying yes, no. Focusing is about saying no, focus thing is about saying no and you've got to say no, no no no on you say no you piss off people and they will talk to the San Jose mercury and they write a article about you. You know and it's really a pig a. Because u you want to be nice you don't want to tell the scent of a person is telling you. You know just was asked to leave or this or that is that so you take the loves and apples been taken their share lunch for the last six months in a very unfair way. And it's been taken them you know, like like an adult and I'm proud of that. And there's more to come on sure. There is more to come some of these I read these articles of some of these people that have left I know some of these people they have done in seven years and you know they leave and it's like you know it, it's like the company's gonna fall apart the next day. And and so you know I think they'll be store is like that that come and go but focus is about saying no on the result of that focus is going to be some really great products where the total is much greater than the sum of the parts. And open DOC I mean I was for putting a bull in the head of open day I don't think it's great technology but be it didn't fit. The rest of the world isn't going to use open DOC. And I think it's a contain a strategy. There's some stuff in the job of space that is much better. And even the open dark eyes were basically trying to be right the whole thing in job and which was a restart. So uh it didn't make sense. 