The task force will be around president Donald Trump said on Wednesday that the White House coronavirus task force would remain in place. A day after saying it would be replaced with something different. We will have something in a different form and trump said he would a new members of the task force by Monday. As its focus turns to medical treatment Sandy zing locked down measures and I thought we could wind it down sooner. But I had no idea how popular the task force until yesterday when I started talking about wine ING it down and get calls from very respect to people saying I think it would be better to keep it going its done such a good job, its a respect to task force its uh it's very respect people said, we should keep it going. So let's keep it going on. So what we are doing that but will be adding some people to someone did what a week and figure task force would mean for its to leading medical experts DR Anthony fauci and doctor deb irks. She has at times offered guidance at odds with trump including on went to e stay at home orders and locked down on the economy. On Tuesday he and knowledge in the CNN interview that he was losing the argument against the opening the country to quickly. On Wednesday House speaker Nancy POLO c said she did not believe the president should pivot to re opening. That's not a plan. White House guide line say that the number of new cases must be trend ING down word for 14 days. And that vast li expand ID Korea virus testing in other safe guards must be put in place. Before the shut down can b phase out. But some states aren't waiting. In fact, a number of states or a record increases on Tuesday including can tak mini, so to origin and wis con sin, while in mississippi and zona reached a new record. Death on Tuesday trump visited his own a where he told a mask manufacturing facility without wearing one as the guns and roses cover of live and let die Blair Dover the factory is pa system. This week a key mort ality model off on site ID by the White House was revise because of rising mo bility in most us state with the knees of stay at home orders. It now see's us current a virus death almost double ING to 135000 bye August. 