Hi, this is Kate for minute, soil is the literal foundation for much of life that we all like, well like dirt maybe that's because most of the time saw you take care of itself. De compos ING plants and animals and degree in bed Rock produce news at rough li the same place, the wind and water. He wrote it away, but the balance between sawyer formation and emotion is easily tipped familiar. The tiny pacific island of me I was covered in a thin layer of fertil soil, but after human's arrived around two thousand years ago there slash and burn agriculture exposed to oil to the elements over several centuries rain and wind swept virtually all the new in which Top soil from my eye is his side and concentrate it just a few of AL is which people vish ously thought over with less land to go crop. People resort to alternative food source as like rats and even each other. We are doing the same thing throughout the world today, not the part where we eat each other, but the part where we farm the soil away. That's because we make room for agriculture by clear ring a way deep root of native and we use. Coast plaza knack tas to lose in the soil making it easier for wind and rain to sweep away and we grow shallow rude crop that are no good at holding out to spoil and that gets trip to wait doing harvest living fields bear for much of the year and at the mercy of the elements. As a result the world farmland loose soil 50 times faster than you can form. That extra edition adds up to about 8 billion pick up truck of soil moved annual from field to places like the bottom of rivers and behind and which are less convenient for farming that's all lost release is global CRO pills by as much as if we took a California size swap the farmland out of production every decade. Fortunately we know how to bring an ocean back in to balance with the rate of soil forms play less often and after harvest leave plan parts behind or plant so called cover crop to well cover the soil as protection against water and wind. Putting strategy is like these in place can cut it and buy this much is 95% helping keep off your time in the long run. But in the present that can hurt you because adding other education to form fields means less room for crop as a result we've been slow to make the soil saving strategy is the norm. If we can't keep the farmer bas oil on our farm, human civilization won't immediately and but we might end up fighting over the patch of land with that ends up like them on ions, but on much, much bigger islands. And speaking of soil, this video is bon said by silent a line of nutrition and Complete convenience foods that actually take less salt to produce because many of the corn u tree and including Omega fatty acid come not from plants grow and field, but from algae grown for men tation tax the new product coffee as we imagine breakfast is a coffee flavor dalle g field meal in a bottle to help kick start your day. Plus oil and has partner with the world food program USA to do nate a meal to someone in need for every case of coffee is they say go to toilet dot com slash TH that soy lent dot com flash eAR. TH or click on the link in the description to get 10% off your first month's worth of coffee. Thanks. 