The world is divided into two kinds of people, though with any belly button and those without these rivers also have a nice and not belly button, but mouse where rivers flow into the sea, the land I the poke out or benz in word, but rivers don't have a bill cards. So why do they have a nice and these well CO star the front lines between two oppose ING forces land and water in order for the ocean to invite the land sea level I the has to come up for the land has to sink down or be hero did a way. And in order for the land to advance into the ocean sea level I the has to drop or the land has to build or be lifted up. Obviously, ifc level drops and then rise is back again, there is no net gain on either side, but things get more complicated. When a river joins the battle, for example, during the last ice age sea levels fell by over 120 meters and rivers cut deeper and deeper values to reach the following sea than a bout 18000 years ago. Warning temperature is began to melt the ice and the now rising. The flood river valley is around the world creating giant¶ùease and giving us the any riddle coast line we have today¡£But when the steady land lord March of the seas finally began to slow about seven thousand years agothe coast line za round the key factor was the settlement that rivers drop as their current slow at the entrance to the sea where the settlement supply was big enough and the ocean was coming off the drop dirty pile up eventually for me new land that both length and the river and divided into the would continue to drop out and build up at the mouth of both channels split ING the river again and again and again creating a new low of land advance ING slowly into the sea¡£Thus the world's great river mouth the fatal del to like the Nile and the yang see that helped foster human civilization since its birth all came into being at just about the same time. The same can't be said for all of the world's belly button. What can be said that is that it needs and fees for both rivers and people are a small record of how we came. B, a huge thank you to the following organizations all working towards sustain about Delta ZF a sponsor ING this video the bel mont form the sustain able Delta zine ative the national center for earth surface dynamic the saint Anthony falls laboratory at the university of mini soda and the Delta project. Organization study Delta's around the world in particular how their threatened by human activities such as building dam channel ising rivers and climate change into sea level rise. If we don't pay attention we might lose the land form the to lao does to become civil ised in, first place. 