Hi, this is Kate for minute. In 1903 and UN president of flood struct, we can have it on home farmland infra structure and an entire train load of butter the cream issue the real company for it's lost cargo, but the rail road argue that they shouldn't be responsible since the flood had been completely out of their control. The court of greed ruling that the flood had been an act of god. Courts around the world actually been using the term since the 1500 to describe UN president events that seem to come out of nowhere to day you'll see acts of god mentioned in contract insurance policies and a few news environmental laws. And like in the butter case, you might hear a lawyer mil king the term as a defense in court, to use the act of god defense. You don't have to prove that a god actually cause the event you just have to prove to things. One that taking a reasonable proportion couldn't have prevent ID the damage and to that the damage was caused by a natural force. With no human influence, but it's getting harder and harder to meet these cry tear starting with the reasonable proportion. Thanks to improving technology and scientific knowledge, we are increasingly able to predict the size, scope and path of district of of which raise the bar for what kind of reasonable proportion might be required to stay off damage. For instance, back in 19 of three, the railway put the butter car and what seemed like high enough ground to keep it safe, but they had little way of knowing House of fear the flood would be today with a lot more flood knowledge that have to better prepare the butter for the act of god defense to stick. And the second tier is also harder to me because we are finding that an increasing number of natural disaster do have human finger print on them. For instance, human activities have left the warm ING and rising of the ocean, which almost certainly in tensive byd her a cane Sandy in 2012 and likely exhibit ID 2015 heat wave. In fact, scientists estimate. That some of Sandy scattered traffic effects like the flood ING of vital tran sit tunnel, which added more than $10 billion of damage might not have happened without the effects of human activity. Since natural event's like flood drought and wild fire's are happening more often on doing more damage than they used to. We may actually be seeing more active guard cases pop up in court in the future. But because we are becoming butter, I mean better at predict ING those events and recognize ING our own contribution to them the success of the act of god defense may soon be related fully to the margin. Hey, there are 2017 has been the best year for minute earth so far we made more videos than ever for more view as than ever and on July 20 of you guys can bind to watch the most minute earth content ever seen in one day you watched about 4.5 years worth of our videos, whether you are a brand new view or someone has been to ning and since the very beginning. We just want to say thank you for joining us and to our pat ry on patterns and you tube sponsor thanks for making us possible we'd love to hear from all our view as what were some of your favorite minute earth moments of the year what would you like to see more of or less of next year. Let us know in the comments or on Twitter or Facebook and thanks for watching. 