Noise. If you do it right, it should sound like toto. If you do it wrong and sounds like to tic TAC tic TAC, the jump rope is such a simple object. It can be made out of a close line wind. It has like tour on it. I'm not sure how to describe that. What's important is that it has a certain wait and they have that kind of whip sound. Not clear with the origin of the jump rope is. There are some evidence that it began in ancient Egypt and then it most likely travel to North America with death set as the rope became a big thing when. Women's clothes became more fit and the pencil and came into being and so girls were able to jump because there skirt wouldn't catch the rope is used it to train their words to jump. Even for Marie and slave African anti Bell and south jump rope to, in the 1950 in ha len brown's book lin queen's you could see on the side walk lots of girls playing with rope. Sometimes they would take two groups and turn them as a single road together, but you could separate them and turn them in like an egg beater on each other. The shipping road was like a steady time line to take upon which you can add ns and rhythm and chance these roads created a space where we were able to can something that was far greater than the neighborhood. Double dutch jump remains a powerful symbol of culture and identity for black women. Back from the 1950 to the 1970 years, girls were. Pose to play sports the boys played baseball, basketball and football and girls were not allowed lots changed, but in that area girls would rule the playground. It make sure that boys were not a part of that. It's there space its a girl power space is where they get to shine. But I also think it's for boys for his boys over heard these those which is why I think so many hiphop artist sample DF rum things that they heard and black girls game science. Y country grammar bine LE became a gr ammy award winning single was because people already knew we go on down down baby your street in a range rover. That's the beginning of down down baby down down the roller coast sweet sweet baby are never let you go. All people who grew up in any black and community wouldn't know that music and so it was already made hit, the double dose rate playing help. Maintain the songs and maintain the chance and the gesture that going on with it which is very natural to what I call kinetic reality word of mouth and word of body. It's the thing that gets past none of the generations in some ways, the rope is the thing that helps carry it. You need some object to carry memory through. So I jump you can use it for all different kinds of things that cross is culture and I think it last is because people need to move. I think sometimes the simple is object can make the most creative use as. 