Would you like to eat a brown shaped like a piece of pop or sleep delicious soup out of a new lease ised bed pan or drink of fresh squeez glass of juice into which someone had did to stare alized cock Roach. Perhaps surprising li wen actually put in the sin areas, most people turn them all down, even the brown e. That's because even though these nex r perfectly safe to eat human brains are built to trigger powerful feelings have discussed. And even the slight ists a gesture of contamina and human's probably involved to be easily discussed it because it save dust from eating nasty stuff like spoil the food and fees even now that we have rational ways of figure out what safe discussed still make some of our decisions for us even some fairly big decisions take the drought Pro n't rival area of northern California, which in the late nineteen ninety is built a multi million dollar wider plant that used reverse as most is to re cycle suez water in to drinking water. It wasn't in and tested idea what are a cycle ING plants in the media Singapore and even. Southern California had been turning out clean water for years using the same technology, but the idea of drinking something that used to have a Pope floating in it made some local so crazy that they began fi ling law suits and the plant closed before it even opened public back lash has killed water cycle ING plants in other places to likely in part because party pooper is called the water toilet to tap which made it sound like there is nothing between the ping and the drinking. Studies show that time and distance are some of the best and its to discuss in one survey. Only a third of people said they drink the cycle daughter if it were at it directly to pipe. But two third's wood drink it. If it spent time in reserve was first even though the pipe water and the rise of water were equally clean. In other words, we can trick ourselves out of our national discussed by doing a rational things like letting re cycle dwyer sit in a tank for a while before we drink it. Another trick is to read brand that re cycle to water Singapore quickly gained public support for their re cycle daughter by calling it new. Finally, people are more willing to take the punch when circumstances become dia after another 15 years of drought sand man at a reward, a reduction in the northern California change their minds and ask the water authority to look in to getting the Pope water plant. I mean the pure new spa clean fun what a facility running again. Hey this is Henry i'd like to think of da to com for supporting this video is a leading provide a of audio books including fiction, non fiction and articles. A book you might enjoy is nuts by Richard failure and cast sons de in which opened my mind to some of the hidden reasons why we do or don't succeed in making changes in our lives are in society like I don't no getting people to stop drinking water and start drinking pure clean new fund water you can check out nudge or another book of your choice for Free with the Free thirty day trial and dot com slash minute again that is possible dot com slash minute. 