Yes, sir. Well, that's a good question. You know it is the question is what have we done to to make sure that these applications are going to be secure and and don't via late user privacy and other things that that they could do technical. And this is this is a big concern. It is a dangerous world out there. There are various of all sorts that that that people have to put up with. And so we have tried to strike AA really good path here on one side, you got a close device like the iPod which always works. You pick it up, it always works because you don't you don't have to worry about 3rd party, king it up, and on the other side you got to windows PC. Where people spend a lot of time every day just getting it back up to where it's you. And and we we want to take the best of both we want to take the reliable at and the ability of that iPod and we want to take the ability to run 3rd party apps from the PC world, but without without the Malaysia sap location. So how are we going to do that? The way we're going to do that is that the develop a have to register with us and for that $99 that they pay to join the program they actually get electronic certificate. And that tells us who they are. So if they write a Malaysia sap, we can track them down. We can tell their parents and and ur. We will know who they are. The other thing that we can do since the distribution of their applications is going to be through the APP store. If we are learned to a Malaysia sap that we didn't catch wheel turn off the spit it so no more people down loaded. And so we're putting controls in place some of which we are talking about here today. And others will just keep to ourselves for now to to keep the iPhone a great experience for users. But we put a lot of thought into this. And I think it's a real problem. You have any day out to dinner. We miss something will be alert to it real fast by users and we'll just turn off the big at some no more users have problems and again go talk that develop as parents and give them to. 