Sexy and save more than nine million lives each year, even though they contain in grad ient that could be pretty dangerous, but that's precisely the point goes nasty and greed ient sar. The only reason that the scenes were at all on their own our bodies are already pretty good at fighting of illness when and for me your package and in these are body patrol ING immun cells in golf, a few of these photos to gather in tell the cells then turn out of chemical alarm translate in the enemy's Information along the chain of command and trigger ING the production of special e target ID anti bodies and assassin selves to fr end off the rest of the investors after the battle of some of the special ised troops to stick around so that if the passage and returns they can help MT of quick response, however, some pathogen are so powerful that they can over when the moon system it before, it's able to mount a defense vax. In Asian lets a stage of practice version of this battle in advance of the real one so that the system can develop and stock pile weapons specifically target ID at the enemy that does require introduce a bit of the enemy in to our bodies. But it's an enemy that we have already desired by the by killing it beauty. A super week strain audis member ING it to get at recognize but not dangerous. Part enter for the Hyde its a critical in grad ient in some common vac scenes like those for tennis and influen za, because it all turns the structure of those pathogen s just enough to render them homeless. This re active e also makes for all the high dangerous to us. In large dosa, put vac scenes contain only a tiny fraction of the form aldehyde. We can sue MIN food and natural produce in our bodies on a daily basis. In fact, the biggest risk with from all the height is that it can leave pathogen soak ripple that they won't trigger the proper immun response. So some vac scenes contains substance call daddy and switch put the immun system on hire alert a lumin mmm for example causes a minor irre tation at the injection cite some any means to the seen so they encounter the weekend enemy and although too much a lumin mmm can b toxic our bodies are super efficient at MIN ating it keeping levels low even after lots of shots so wild oat lows of loom bucket of from aldehyde and up close meeting greet with a full strength pathogen are all definitely bad I. A controlled connection from a doctor is designed to be just nasty enough to keep us safe. There is always a chance of and verse reaction to a vac scenes in grad ient, but the much scarce in rio would be to let po LIO meals and other deadly disease is called the shots. A big thank you to Lisa dot com for sponsor ING this minute of video Lisa dot com is an online matter is company that offers luxury three layers fo matters is without the big price tag, your new matter is will be shipped right to your door and you'll have a hundred nights to try it out. If you don't love it, you can return it for a full re fund and we at me to earth love that Lisa dough nut za one matters to a homeless shelter for every ten they sell Lisa is offering minute of view of seventy five dollars off and you for your discount go to Lisa dot com slash earth and use offer code earth seventy five. So they know we sent you thanks Lisa. 