In the urgent push to be back a deadly pathogen researchers at n, why you have now start of clinical trials on a never before trying to genetic vax in candidate developed by pfizer along with a German partner. This vaccine tempt to reprogram the virus is genetic code Melissa hunting and whose husband is a doctor at my u is among the first 12 healthy americans to receive the injection for many people are being affected by this and m ique. And I figured it was would be a great thing to do to help doing and press it ended. Here is what makes this unique the vac scene Carrie's the genetic code, notice messenger rn a that the hope is that the immun system then kicks in to create the anti bodies to fight off COVID-19. And fire has. For jin etic vax in Canada DR Mark Morgan is running the my u trial. It really is a natural thing because this messenger RNA is something the body produce is on its own normally. So it's it's kind of a new thing, but it's really not anything that's two different than what the body does for itself because its natural it's also believe to be safe. But experts point out it's still experimental and vac c ns normally take years to develop we don't yet have a license back scene for RNArDNA vac scenes because in the past they worked very well in laboratory animals, but those are mean response is have not translate into human good human immun response is world wide there are now rough li 100 vax in candidates under review. Researchers advise a believe this genetic code vac c ns could be available as soon as September it is probably the fast way of having a vac sina veil ble to stem the spending. Are you more? Up to miss tic about this type of ax Ian compared to a typical that seeing that we've seen in the past. I am up to me stick but the data will speak for themselves to this is the nice thing about science you don't have to have faith or belief. The the answer will come from the investigation is that we do Melissa Hong Kong and a yoga and structure went home hours after receiving the first shot on Monday, how are you feeling? I feel fine, my arms the little sore, I don't have a headache and I feel like myself. All right join me now time flies as not the only company working out of ax in like this right? No, that's right, modern a and so on can see no are also involved in this kind of research important in ever before has a genetic alter vax e made its way to market. This is cutting edge stuff. But pfizer believes it could have a scene with in four months and bc news fans thanks for checking out our YouTube channel. Sub scribe I click ING on that button down here on click on any of the video is over here to watch the latest interview show high lights and digital exclusive. Thanks for watching. 