Hi, this is Kate for a minute. Animals move in all kinds of ways. But one thing all that motion has in common is rhythm. Perhaps more surprising is that crazy complex neural circuit's that aren't dedic ated to move ment also have rhythm, all over our brains all the time, millions of neural ZARA up sometimes for just a fraction of a second and gener ating electrical UPS and down that we can record as brain waves. In healthy brains, these waves are really consistent. For instance, during normal working activity, your brain produce is a pattern called the beta rhythm. And in deeper sleep, it gener ates a slower Delta rip. In UN healthy brains, on the other hand, we see at normal brain waves, which suggests that the rhythm do something important. The question is what? One of. Brain waves rolls seems to have to do with long term memory during one state of sleep short powerful rhythm deep in the brain trigger the same sequence of new on that we are active before sleep. Creating last in connection between them, we found that without these rhythm, certain kinds of memories cant form. We have lots of other ideas about what exactly brain waves did from holding Information, like phone numbers in our minds to decay dit, whether we're even conscious or maybe the rhythm is in our brains are even more important than that. May be their main function is to keep time for the brain to keep all the parts sufficiently synchron ize that they can work together security in the brain not only en able groups of nonsense to fire together and send the strong and clear signal from one part of the rain to another it to is different parts of the brain into the same frequency coordinate ING the signals between them. In some ways it's crazy to think that the incredible things our brains do rely on repeat ING yet flee ting patterns of electrical activity. Brains are complicated, and while it might be first rate in the scientist that we have not been able to build artificial brain circuit ID, but the smart machines get smart, they're going to a place more and more of our jobs. That is why this video sponsor the new book robot proof by North eastern university president and higher and future Joseph e. Propose that university is need to do more to ensure life long education for humans and career is that are the least likely to be or to make it in particular that are creative and on traÄØto learn more about how to become robot proof yourself click the link in the description. 