Within the conditions we have tested to date the virus and drop of survive the best and in doors and dry conditions, the virus does not survive as well and drop survive. And that's important there's a lot of testing being done is not naturally being done. Number one with the 19 virus in number two in silver or atory fluid. And thoroughly the virus dies the quick and the presence of direct sun light under these conditions. And when you when you look at that, look at the air is all as you breathe, you put it in a room, seven to 75 degrees, 20% unity, low humid ity. Last half life is about an hour. But you get outside and it comes down to a minute and a half. Very significant difference when when it gets it with uv race. MR president where there are many unknown link in the 19 transmission change, we believe these trees can support practical decision making to lower the risks associated with the virus. If I could have my next slide. And when that while that comes up, you will see a number of some practical application. For example, increasing the temperature humid ity of potential e contamina ated in door space as appears to reduce the stability of the virus. And extra care may be wanted for dry environment that do not have exposure to solar light were also testing distance readily available, with tested bleach we test I so alcohol on the virus specifically in silver or atory fluid. And I can tell you that bleach will kill the virus in five minutes are so propyl alcohol will kill the virus in 30 seconds and that with no more pure Asian. No running just bring it on leaving a go you rabi tit us the way even faster. We are also looking at other specifically looking at the covered 19 virus in silver. So suppose that we hit the body with the tremendous, whether it's ultra Violet or just very powerful lite. And I think you said that has a check, but you going to test it. And then I said, suppose you brought the light inside the body. You can which you can do it through the skin. In some of the way. And I think you said you're going to test the two sounds interesting. Right. And then I see that this in but not set out in a minute. One minute. And is there a way we can do something like that? Bye injection inside. Almost of clean as you see it gets on the legs and it does the tremendous number I like so be interesting to check that so that you're gonna have to use medical doctor but it sounds, it sounds interesting to me. So we'll see, but the whole concept of the light, the way it goes that in one minute, that's that's pretty powerful. Hey, there I am crazy for MSNbc. Thanks for watching MSN BC on YouTube at you want to keep up to date with the videos for putting out you can click sub scribe just below me or click over on this list to see lots of other great videos. 