We're going to move on now to the GMa cover story and super stars will Smith fresh take on reaching out to the public about the road of Iris pan dem ich the actor now doing a show on snapchat where he got a chance to go one on one. With white House task force member doctor jin Norman join us with an exclusive clip good morning today. Let me talk to you let me have a word with you. Will Smith is invited you to social distance together and his new snapchat series will from home the musician and actor is hanging out chat ING with famous friends family even talk in 19 with DR. There has been a DOM and sin the African American community. Is there a comprehension as to why that is its just one of the feelings of our society is that African americans have a description of travel and an incident of the very go mor bid conditions, that puts you at a high risk will from home is part of chance response to the pan. Dem ich the company saying some 68 million users have u content about the crown of Iris from Smith who has more than 40 million followers on in scramb has found a way to cap tive eight audience of cross social media offering in sight ful wisdom but also fun on the to her so come. Involved to ask those hard hitting questions we need to stay home, can we still go out, yes, you can go out for a walk you need to stay six feet away from anyone else adding a touch of humor and levy during a tough time leaving all of us with so many questions about when it will end is this ever going to end or is this summer. When we have a vac scene, this is something you are not going to, there you have it and will from home there is new episode ZARA Monday and Wednesday and Friday is on snapchat to discover page as well as on YouTube the episode with DR is out at six am tomorrow. Well, hey there have my fans Robert Robert's here thinks for checking out our YouTube channel, lots of great stuff here. So go on click the sub scribe and write over. I don't hear to get more of awesome videos and content from g ma every day any time we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on ji ma. 