So congratulations to the two of you. Thank you, thank you, you look lovely, thank you are well the two of your married so you receive the call from the Nobel committee together, but rumor has it that you professor banner g fell asleep again directly after the call. Is that true? I mean it was what would I do as she was we were told that she was supposed to speak for us. So I thought it was in red under. So which one of you are most exciting by this award? Let's say I was not going to go back to sleep any way. I was excited to be excited, figure都。And you were right and I was there. Well you were a board in this price together with the professor Michael cream and your professor has said. That the cream is the vision ary and professor the floor is the real estate. SOHU were you in the trio? I don't know this. There's expression in the witch is government is means the born that six in to the soft Smith. So it's so you are the one that it takes. May be alright. Maybe I'm the iii, maybe I do a little bit of thinking ahead of what where things should go. Yeah, well, professor d flow, you are one of only two women to receive this award. What do you think that it means to to your field and two other young female economy? And some of my research is on the whole of women as a whole new models I have studied woman who become a policy makers in India will become the mayor of their small groups of village as and what we have. In the tree search is a place where a woman have become a policy makers. C more women becoming leaders in the future or soci parents were willing to educated the door to see the doctor has become more business. So I can not help but hope that this is also going to have a little bit of a role model impact just by the fact that I am a woman and also buy the feel that all three of his work on which is the issues of development and that many young woman also people from under represented minorities are going to see that economics is dealing with this important social issues that many of us women are particularly concerned about you. So what advice do you have too young econom ists that want to go into this field? Like him, everything else, love what you do. Just do what, do what you love and love what you do. I think that's that's advice for life and it's really almost the only advice I have for young people yeah. Well, yes I would add for someone from Sweden who wants to study for country is that should get themselves out there. Without first hand experience of what's happening in developing countries, it would be very difficult to even have a sense of what it is your passion at about you know, so just do it. Just do it, find some experience covered the world, work in and your volunteer somewhere. And then you will get you know you will discover that once you start in this field, you can't really get out of it. Well, have heard that you two are usually the first on the dance floor and the last to leave it. So will that be the case to night as well, probably will have to leave with unfortunately our children are leaving tomorrow morning for France. And we'll have to somehow managed to get there before they wake up and make them up and get them there. That get them off to the airport. So it might be a little hard to stay till the u know this is the sun rise as but you can at least be first on the dance floor that we will be good. Well, i'll see you there. Once again congratulations and have a lovely evening. Thank you very much. Thank you 