So we get the current measures in place for this long precisely so that we can balance back with vigor and energy as soon as possible. As soon as it is responsible to start looking at the second face. And because of that our next steps will be sure foot ID and sustain. Any changes that we make will be carefully monitor. If people don't follow the rules or if we see that the level goes back up, we will take the risk and again we will always retain the option to do so. That way we can save god public health and we can all safe guard the economy in a sustain able. So have you prepared carefully. Based on the update advice from stage this weekend, the prime minister will set out the road map for the next phase along with the conditions for reaching the che, my style, my teach milestone. That way we can provide the country with a better understanding of what lies ahead. We can offer a short that we will adjust the rich and to the minimum necessary to prevent the second bike in the virus. And we can give people have confidence that we're doing it in a way that will protect life and preserve our way of life. We stood there at that same lecture on time after time, and said that it would be wrong to talk about lifting any kind of relations because you might give people the wrong impression. Yeah, isn't that what exactly what the government risk doing now a head of what looks like being a very Sunny bank holiday week and when many people are just desperate to get the first of a life that very clearly. Sometimes I have to say again that there is no change in the rules to day. What the prime minister will do is set out on Sunday a map that can look to the future and explain what step will be taken at what no mountain time and critical the evidence that will back it up. We have always said consistent from the outset. We got to take the right decisions at the right moment in time guide by the evidence that is consistent in what we said from the outset. And that approach is the latest data from our CO broke her own of our stay to file shows that as of today, they have now been 1 million. Hundred and 34533 test for career in a virus across the UK. That includes 86583 test carried out yesterday. 206715 people have tested positive that is an increase of 5614 case since yesterday. Those who tested positive very sad li. 30650 people have now died in my deep is can dance is go out to anyone who's lost a loved one throughout this pan dem. 