Hi, this is Kate for minute. Intelligence have long question why to transfer xa giant killing machine with nine inch long dagger for teeth had such puma arms or short arms particularly useful and Grace ling with play or when sexy sexy was in meeting mode. Did they provide just the right leave at when getting up after a nap? Maybe like some evolution ary trace from the echoes camera flash to the humans of possible thumb to the work at's disease, perhaps the little limbs gave to Rock some real advantage. But it's also quite possible that they didn't for one thing tx might have ended up with small arms simply because big perhaps 1 xs answers got big enough they could hunt and eat with her giant jaws alone on their arms weren't worth the energy they talked to all around, but evolution can't just stop out not so useful trade for completely new ones. Instead of just. Generations txs arms may have simply got and smaller and smaller, and till there was no longer a significant cost to keep them and they just stuck around a lot like how we humans ended up with our tiny tale bones. Another possibility is that evolution x tiny arms simply by chance the same way it give Ireland lots and lots of red heads in a relatively small eisel ated population a trip that doesn't hurt or help and individuals chances of survive in re produce ING can just buy the look of the draw become more and more pregnant from one generation to the next. Right now scientists are studying the Micro scopic wear and tear on the bones of the most famous tea x of all to determine how she is them. This work might help us figure out if two weeks of arms were useful like our. Use less like our day loans or random like our red head and right now the answer is still out of reach. This video was answered by the university of mini so to where students, faculty and staff across all fields of study are working to solve the grand challenges facing society university of me, so to professor Susan Macau and m old bird who advise us on the science behind this video investigate hao several different mechanism of evolution from adaptation to negative selection to genetic drift effect rates like to access tiny arms in a variety of species professor gold berg use his math to explore how a plant productive trait effect chances of becoming new species are going instinct and professor my god repair zine to Mexican k BS to better understand how blind to this and k fish is involved in dependent on different population. Thanks the university of many so to. ‡≈°£ 