Hi, this is Emily for a minute. Humans eat lots of weird stuff, but one thing we almost never eat is either because we are naturally gross tout buy it for because we have learned that contains nasty pathogen, but for lots of animals is is a regular part of the menu. That's partly because is not necessarily as dangerous as we think what Pope's from second divvy jure scan contain disease causing bacteria virus is in para sites and contamina anything they touch healthy Pope's are usually just water, less bacteria understood food and some meta bolic waste in dead cells poison control center, consider accent injection of human or otherwise to be minimum toxic and doctors even pris cry, but who pills from healthy people to combat hard to treat gut infection. And because that I just did process doesn't usually manage to suck all the new tree and out of food soup is nutrition's voice, for example leave a 3rd of food nutrition t's in their Pope. As a result, animals like done beatles and fly sub sist almost entirely on new tree and through thousands of years humans have built to lot ze o ze because pigs can get almost all of their new tradition from human pu. And while some dogs will stop down pretty much any they come across lots of dogs will actually use their ki nose to sniff out fresh Pope that has specific Vita mins or enzyme their crazy. And some animals regularly extract left over new tree and from their own poop, for example, when grille s feet on the hard seeds of the diary of tree there got back to rious off in the tough seeds, but don't extract many new trend. So when times are tough girl is will often eat their extra meat to extract the seeds full competent°¡¡£It's casual wear a plumthe fruits are so big and the first I just of track so short that the castle Pope's out hold of the fruit is then turns around and pick them out to eat and I just¡£ N other animals absolutely have to eat their own food, for example, rabbit see lots of the same food that room and it's like cows do, but what how have long complex digest of track ster give the Micro inside time to break down the tough plant cells. Rabbit's have much shorter gut. So after a yummy plant me they pooper soft music is covered cluster that contains the partial digest ID food and the Micro biz in charge of digest ING it then they got of the whole package back up in order to recover the new tree and and bring the Micro s back into their guests. Finally, the rabbit's real rabbit Pope qualities to must eat their own poop for at least there own mom to. They have a special ised diet of u clip, this leaves which are both fiber and toxic and call of babies aren't born with the special ised bacteria needed to break it down. So for several weeks the baby just eat. A soft green Pope talk full of those bacteria that the mom make special for her. Both supplies new trend and gives the baby the Micro it needs to digest its future food as baby food goes. This number two is second to none. Feeding your baby Pope is a pretty strange strategy but feeding your baby to a pretty to is an even stranger one when I walk a mom gets corner she sometimes a Jackson help us jo e from her pouch and runs the other way and this actually sort of make sense she has a spare. I learned this by watching the new video from animal logic if you like learning about animals you love animal logic Daniel combined her plan a trip hours with her drawing skills to teach you everything you ever wanted to know about animals reaching from cute cr as to see no more check out animal logic and sub scribe at YouTube dot com slash animal logic.  