²»¡£He had never give it any thought and there are a billion of them out there. But the amount of design and passion and creative at that goes into this little disk is is remarkable. While the coffee is a lid for your coffee cup and snap sohn, it has an opening, you've got lives with the little as that open. And close as we've got one that are in creative shape, have their own Larry Society is just more and more mobile. Everything is on the move. I mean the good part is convenient, you can drink coffee and you don't have to stay in the dinner can be in the subway you can be walking. The bad part is is harder to save a a coffee when you are taking it on the road the first patent for a lid on a cup was in 1934, but it was for cold bridge is and in 1950 this guy named James rough night invent ID the first step on live. But it didn't have a opening for drinking in the 60. There is this huge cultural shift where people started drinking coffee on the move and 711 was the first to sell coffee to go. And came this revolution in 1967, a man named Alan Frank invent iddle ID that you could peel a tap off like in the shape of a guitar pick and drink it from there. In 1975 and other big advance, you could peel back at have and attach it to the let itself. More people start to drinking coffee on the go in 1984 a water shed moment in the history of coffee cup live million times and it solve a whole host of problems. It's design so that you don't than any of the other one is got this Pro tru ding room. So its light li cool the coffee before it hits your lips, its got a small depression in the center for your rose. So you can really get in there and get maximum aroma has got this tiny air hole that lets the steam out and stopped from creating a vacuum. This is one of those objects where you just don't notice it until it is on your lap. So I think the coffee cup will just continue to be involved and you're going to see a move away from single use plastic lids two lives. There are a little more sustain able we're not going to stop moving or not going to stop drinking coffee. Think and I think that's what these coffee live and the ears are trying to do is to make it so that the experience of taking it on the road is as good as sitting in a restaurant drinking from a cup because you no coffee is serious business. 