Present on the stage as he did yesterday, very helpful about a drug that's used for Maria being brought into the market to help people who are dealing with the crown of the here is the president steak followed here by his Top infection disease doctor Anthony. Is there any suggest that. And let's give it a try. What have you got to lose? That was one of several essential e 25 sui GIA to the president. But essentially, if you listen to him closely saying I very much disagree, this is not a media not tomorrow. If it works, if it works it is months away. Never seen anything like a John I mean that it was incredible to see this back and forth first you know the president said this drug was approved for career and a virus yesterday it is not. He said that there is a lot of evidence to show how promise ING it is. There is a 120 person study out of France that doctor Tony he described as an a KS. President said he feels good about it and and doctor said, you know we we have to do the study which is exactly what the fda commission a said yesterday as well. It just was a remarkable sort of back and forth between some one who is using the gut instinct, not scientific base, not evidence based against you know a vent. Scientists who kept on the fly it seems trying to check the president. II just had never seen anything like that. I think only for she probably has one of the hardest jobs in America right now. Assad a stay with us on the brain of the conversation is well DR off beat on he runs a lab he is also a primary care physician runs the lab dealing with this issue up in the Boston area of doctor at the end of the brief ING. The president said is very very very positive things about testing then the doctor came for it and said yes he is getting calls from some places around the country where someone who has symptoms someone who should get a test not someone who just scared and wants a test and he's getting old saying it's not available as DR she walked away the president of states essentially wave the vice president back up to the poem to give a more up to miss tic take on testing. What's the truth? The truth is that the testing capacity is still on what they need to be I personally for my Patience if had real trouble getting testing order to even for patients with no nix poser. Document in the previous test. So it's clear that testing capacity is wrapped up, but we're not where we need to be it. And all of this, all of this please stay with us as well doctors and the cards all this is a question of president your leadership and the needs of the American people to get fat SAT a time of a and m ique crisis of considerable fear that. 