I me go tonight is our nation gr apple over how and went to re open the country this morning from the director of the cDCa second wave of the coronaviras out break in the fall could be even more difficult than the current national des MIC because it would come at the opening of flu season today the president calling the interview in the question saying the cdc director was me squad. But many experts believe the virus will search again the issue that I was talking about about being more difficult is that we're going to have to virus is circulate the same time with concern mountain over what will come next doctors in santa Clare California now confirm the first document to cove in 19 death in our country. The first to fate ality is now linked to the bay area February six and seven teenth. Week sir Leah than the deadly out, break it nursing homes in Washington state. The victims had not travel to China suggested community spread. Well, before the first case was recorded by the cdc, the virus was probably introduce. Officials now say it may have been a stroke of luck the San Francisco 49 as didn't win the super bowl, if they had area of like this one in oakley n't wen ti 18 could have feel the spring. Here in Los Angeles county where current of Iris cases could become the leading cause of death hospital isation in ICU cases are still rising eve and its parts of the state re open for business. With protest across our nation again today, the director of the cdc says the demon STR ations are not helpful. Kt back is in rich man. In Virginia hundreds of protest causing grid lock at the capital and her to lift his stay at home or to sofa jins can get back to. Tonight the calls to re open the country and the war the virus may return with a venge ance care and bc news Los Angeles nbc news fans thanks for checking out our YouTube channel sub scribe I click ING on that button down here. On click on any of the video is over here to watch the latest interview so high lights and digital exclusive thanks for watching. 