This video was answered by square space. Hi, this is Emily from minute. Life and language of in many of the same way ze a group split and over time small changes of current and eat rates. In particular words over more time these differences get am ple fide eventually leading to new species and new language is so by looking for similar ities between different species and different languages, we can trace there origins and draw their family trees except some times similar ities can be miss leading take it the similar sound ING words and on and on they described similar things. So you think they have similar origins, but American is a combination of the English words in motion and ikon while the word and mog combined the Japanese words for picture and character. So the two words are actually hint it any hidden relationship between English and Japanese other CO instance is included the English and on bar and words for dog the French and German words for five. The malay and Greek words for and the new tattoo and tur kish words for a boat on similar ities and biology can also leaders the straight, for example, bi ologist long thought that these two birds must be simple ING species but recently and a testing suggest that there not even on the same evolution ary branch and may actually be less related than penguin and flam ingo. The voters of off the bald head is independent probably because they both pursue the same carry on eating life style similar li these two roads looks so much a like that we need them both occupied but in fact one of them is actually more related to the super soft chiller while the other is more closely related to the very naked naked mole rat. So it turns out, if you're trying to determine how to things are related, you can't just use one or two data points, even if they're very point. Let's say this video inspired you to create your very own website about plants and animals. Is that aren't as closely related as they look square space. The sponsor of this video can help the square face, lets you turn your idea and to a great website by giving u temper to moral class design as Free and secure ho sting and nothing to patch up grade ever. Visit square space dot com slash minute earth for a Free trial or use the offer code minute to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain think it dream it make it with square face. 