Well time you and talks he makes head lines and this was a to our podcast er with Joe rogue and I think they probably take it some time in the last couple of days or last night potential it was dropped this morning. And over the course of two hours to talk about a lot of neural net, I will talk about the buffet stuff and just a little bit, but one of the more interesting things was when I was talking about the shelter in place orders and we know how he feels about this. He thinks that they're going way too far here is during the pod cast talking about it. But wait a civil civil fit in this picture I know. Yeah, and what what what can the government make you do what can they make you not do and what, you know what's what's OK right? And yeah, I think we went too far. This part cast comes what just a couple of days after Elon Musk essential e reached another PPL at all that should a big pay day has an official. And yet they could pay him more than $700 million, at least on paper. And he is already a billion aire and we know how he feels about where he is talked about the fact that he thinks billion years r. And he also had this to say about war and buffet and the type of billion aire he is. So let me say you warm buffet, for example. And your trac I'm not is biggest fan. You know he does like apple application. Um and he read a lot of a lot of annual reports of companies and the will be counting on its pretty boring really are many try to figure out is coke or pepsi deserve more capital. I mean that's it's kind of boring job if you ask me. That answer was in regard to a question from Joe and about will look what kind of a billion are you and the one must said, look, I believe that the world needs people who are you as who are makers who are manufacture and that's the kind. Way that he has built his wealth over the course of certainly over the last five to 10 years as tesla space x and is other investment you know have paid off the test of being the most common and tear us. So it was an interesting to ours guys and ur it began in the at the very start. It was about becoming a father again which happened what I think two days ago so are certainly less time than the last time he was on a road and show. I still want to know how to pronounce his sons name. I guess we get to that it was not as it was and that's like the elephant in the room. I mean how do you pronounce the x dash ae, you know whatever it is a 12. And why it well or a 10, I don't know. That aside fell I mean he may be against shelter in place himself. But from a business and point, I mean he is basically talk in his book he needs the shelter in place order to be lifted in order to start manufacturing again in three months. Well, you can make that argument I think it and the other extreme he believes that there are people who are saying. Look, we should not be re opening at all in this country and his point to the people who make that argument is you're doing more damage to the economy and to other people. By going to the extreme of saying we shouldn't go out, we shouldn't we start business as we shouldn't restart manufacturing, plant restaurants, etc. And it looks and even said, there's valid argument on both sides of this and you know he agreed, but he believes that some of these people are going over the edge when it comes to shelter in place. 