Hi, this is Alex from minute. Each spring in California so many are many trees put out flowers at the same time that local BS can pull and ate them all. So all in farm as a bee keeper cz to bring be from all over the country at exactly the moment the tree Flower, that might seem crazy but all means another be planted crop sar $17 billion a year. So it's worth it to farmers and to be keep as who make more money ren ting out there be zhe than selling honey. Unfortunately, when we bring so many be together para sites and diseases easily spread from 1 b color to another and when be feed on just one type of cross at a time, they don't get all the vitamin and mineral they need what's more the honey bees can get sick and by the past the size that keep crop safe from other in sex. As a result of all this since 1960, the number of commercial be in the us has fallen by half and sent so many crop require beats for Paul a nation and farmers are planning more crop to keep up with demand. If b numbers continue to drop it could jeopard ize our future food. Î¹¡£But we're learning how to help these be keep as and farmers are working together to reduce b exposure to test of science non profits and be lovers are planning more wild flowers across the landscape. So commercial and wild boys have a more the verse diet, in university zarb reading para site and disease resistance fees and we can also help these fight para sites with the chemical weapon they already have in their own asin Pro honey bees on the wild smear the substance inside there nest switch sanit ize is them and keep it as out, to make progress bees visit trees and collect the reason is rich in Flower boys on air matic as as which are toxic to many organism then they mix the reasons with the axe making a anti biotic blue. These and commercial hype also make progress, but they use it only to seal gap on don't smear it on the inside walls probably because the walls are smooth than the inside of a tree in these eyes be love e often gets sick. But if you build a hive out of rough UN finished lumber or attach plastic pieces filled with holes to the walls. Please spread way more problems and there are v suffer way fewer and actions so be keep as are starting to wrap up their own b hi to encourage their be is to spread Pro bowl of this helps the bees stay healthy and keeps them all in ating crop and making honey. That is a sweet solution. This video was answered by the university of mini, so to where students, faculty and staff across all fields of study are working to solve the grand challenges facing society. One of these challenges is to, in sure we can feed the world sustain ability. And part of the solution is to foster eco system release in the department of biology. Professor ma LE's back, and researchers in the bee lab are working to promote the conversation, health and diversity of the bees with people in a dark ops, whether there wild pork, a martial the bee lab has even bread, a line of disease resist and honey bees thanks university of MIN NES ota. 