And in all these are you know I guess for raise its been very you can its not mean I tell the truth I am sure I say the same things that all your view is said their friends city next time on the couch. You know what we one of the shows that says, that's a dress and that's OK these ladies make $28 million of picture. You are really think that ur Nicki MIN NA cares, I didn't like her dress. You know when you are in that kind of you don't really care you are not really worried about feelings being hurt. Limits to a lot of people. I mean in your book u joke about the death of Casey Anthony baby princess Diana survive ING so many land minds and who's she did I mean do you feel like there are bound to ever you know even if it's comfortable or people or what? Life is very tough and if you can make a joke to make something easier and funny to it. Dun do it. That's all darling. I don't know what your life has been like, but I have a lot of people who have gone through hell and if you can make Winston chur chill said you make some one life, you give him a little vacation and maybe you take the worst thing in the world and make it fun e. It's a vacation from for a minute of horror. Yeah, and and people love to laugh. I mean no that is why people love you but they also know that you know you have some value to you. I mean you on the coast of your book you are wearing a fer and you knew that there are probably the animal rights and you know this whole interview is become. I mean a defense of interview are you wearing leather shoes. You know what I mean I don't want to hear you are wearing for you are very hard not you are you are eating chicken and you are eating me I don't want to hear this nonsense come to me with the paper belt and i'll talk to you. But you didn't hear in some of those press conference there were people are set to say know you know I'm going I really am going because all you have done is negative or you have done is negative I haven't heard that I make people laugh of 50 years I have put on earth to make people laugh. My book is funny I wear for that was killed 15 years ago I worked for animal rights step with and you do this on your mean and that you are not the one to interview a person who does human sorry. Are you serious? Yes, she was very. And I thought she was Joe king the whole time, but in the end we wondered, was this a stunt well as didn't return to the end of you but of cameras she kept her microphone on as she continue to talk and drop some rather and Flower ring four letter words. So yes, she was serious. 