We have are brought some of the insect sand are creatures that ur u deal with right because if we want to have an a mas on the animal presentation OK you trust me, right? We just met today, but you trust me know I really don't know it seems like we have no reason we have no reason to put your put your hand out here OK I got something that I know you seriously I don't want to get them. I get to know know this is this is you know about is not safe as you can do, right? That's a bird eating spider. It's an enormous spider OK and as long as you don't really make any sudden moves it out and it is going to have a minute and big things, enormous things. And that, of course, we have this little guy. This is on the ground and you know what's going to what is that why would you put that near the other one? One of these has no bite. One of them does you guys know which is which this one looks really scary as hell don't touch him that you would get to know what is that why does it have those things in the foot of. Space that. So it can grab it food and shove it into its mouth OK and look how come that spider Spain. Yeah, is your being com never been this still in my entire life, where is the singing part of the spider? Can you push it on that was like write on your right there but u xu MIN on that please OK enormous Bang cone on right there. All right, don't touch him. I know I'm not going to I don't want you to get it on you clearly you care a lot about my well being looking. At this little bit of being OK yes we ever hear. You don't have you have to do anything you want to see I brought a little Malcolm with me. A little kid I would be really upset with big cake of you not to do anything you don't want to do you don't have to do anything you don't want to do you are Free to go at any time you don't no sudden news got a child on the way no sudden movements and to take this guy these are all is right. Why we will come on lets get the. Will be more interesting. The sly miss lin is right, let's get out get this guy is no no sudden I got my god, my god. Oh, boy. Don't blame you don't like me. All right. 