Hi, this is Kate for minute. Humans are not the fast man was on the planet, but over a long distance is we can run every other species on land except certain dogs the greatest ultimate ears on the planet r husk IM am you makes his bread for slide racing, while pulling a load they run five back to back methods in a day day after day for more than a week that's because of the total unique way they turned food into energy like all members love dogs rely on two types of fuel. There is like a jin which comes from cards and sugar and is quick to the night and fast burning like natural gas. And there is fat and protein which come from well fat and protein which are not that famil and burn slowly kind of like like it and can power a runner on its own for a period of short intense exercise. But because it burn up fast long distance runner will I mostly on the supply of slow burning fat and Pro t ns. In order to turn facts and Pro t ns in to nag, the most is need to also keep burning a. Small but steady supply of like it. And that turns out to be a serious problem because the bodies glyc in storage tank sar pretty small and convert cards and sugar on to the luggage and take the little while. So run as burn like it and faster than they can make it if they run for long enough the supply Willy never run out and the bank's like dogs never be because early in the race their body somehow shift over to burning fat and protein without meaning to use any like in at all. And since fat and protein can be turned to energy pretty much immediately the dogs can re fuel throughout the race without ever worry ING about running out of luggage and we still don't know how this few learning track work, but we do know that after nine days and a thousand miles through the snow and ice, most dogs finished the race with the same bass line vital that they started with. In fact, on like human all to athletes who often need months to recover the dog teams that do best in one ultra race or off on the ones that have just recently returned from another one when it comes to feed some in dance. Let dogs. Turn the competition to much. So after four years without a dedic ated website where a finally taking the punch and we're doing it with square space, the sponsor of this video, because they are tools and let's make it so simple we're actually going to show off our progress. And on up coming video with square face is all in one platform, you too can claim a unique domain, create a beautiful web site and never have to install patch or up grade anything ever. Go to square space dot com slash minute and use the code for 10% off. Thanks square space. 