I was lucky. I found what I love to do early in life was and I started apple in my parents Grace when I was 20. We worked hard and in 10 years apple ID grown from just the two of us in a garage into a $2 billion company with over 4000 employees. We just released our finance creation the MAC in tosh a year earlier and I just turn 30. And then I got fired. How can you get fired from accompany you started. What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone and it was staying. I really didn't know what to do for a few months. I felt that I let the previous generation of contra nurse down. I was a very public failure and I even thought about running away from the valley. But something slowly began to dawn on me. I still. Love what I did. We are going to make it or break it based on whether we can provide products to higher education and services and relationships the higher education that no one else provides. And I think we have to spend a hundred percent of our time thinking about that and if we can't do that, then we ought to go broke. And so I decided to start over. I didn't see it then. But it turned out that getting fired from apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. It Free me to enter one of the most creative period of my life. During the next five years, I started a company name next. Another company name pix r and fell in love with an amazing woman who had become my wife I'm pretty sure none of this would have happened if I hadn't been fired from apple. It was awful taste in medicine. But I guess the patient need it. Sometimes life's going to hit you in the head with the brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I love what I did. You've got to find what you love and that is true for work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life. And the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do, if you haven't found it yet keep looking and don't settle. So keep looking. Don't settle. 