We're going to open up govern ance of the site for user input and ultimately a vote which means that people will have a say and be able to give any feed back they want on the rules and regulations that government. The reason why we are doing this is just because it's a service that that people are sharing really personal and internet Information on. And it's just became increasingly important to more people. We just passed 175 million users. So we figured that in addition to helping people share Information and connect with people that we should also open up the process of how the sight is burned in order to make it just a better process for everyone. So who is going to own the Facebook content, the person who put it there for you the the person who is putting the content on Facebook always on the Information and that's why this is such an important thing on and white face book is such a special service that people feel a lot of ownership over. Write this is their Information they own it and they they often want to know of course not I mean they they want to share it with with only a few people that I might a few members. My family and my friends from high school and you know it's really important that that Information only goes to those people and you know people feel of really strong sense of ownership over that, which is why is really important to to say, you know we trust our users and that's why we're going to open of governments like this. You say there is a contradiction between people wanting to share Information online and wanting to control it y. Well, I mean I think, you know everyone wants to be able to see all the Information that's out there at the same time. Every one wants to make sure that there are only sharing their Information with the people who they want to see it. So it's important that we design a sister more people can do both. So just to be clear, you're not going to sell share any of the Information on Facebook. What the term say is just we are not going to share people's Information except for with the people that they have asked for it to be shared and you know everyone gets privacy setting is which it has always been one of the big different different tears for Facebook and what's make what makes it not really different service for people as you can say, you know I want this photo time to go to these people. I want this. Note to go to these people on the the privacy controls and face book are really on parallel by anything else, but how are you going to make money if you won't sell all share people's Information, the model of advertising and people's Information is their own. But there are a lot of different companies and and it is that want to buy advertising to take the Information that they have whatever their messages and reach more people with it. You know so our advertising is growing really quickly just because the number of people are using Facebook around the world is growing quickly so just passed 175 million users, pretty soon will pass 200 million. So with that you know the advertising revenue is growing as well, but when people say out rage because they c view is being a private site that is how you've made your money or feel. People have a very unique relationship with Facebook where you know on most other services, they their privacy is an important thing, but on the Facebook privacy of central because people are sharing their own Information. So people feel a very strong sense of ownership over it and when they receive that, that we do some. That they don't want then that they are very open about giving us feed back, which is why we went out of our way to set up the govern ance to that courage is them to give feed back on and makes its that were more transplant I think a lot of the reaction that we have seen is more flex and of how much people care about face book and what the relationship is with it and how much they trust us. 