250 people a year to die from poverty. And the poverty line is getting such that more and more people are going to fall below that because the economy is crash ING around us and there doing that because people are dying from the coronavirus I get that. But look, the fact of the matter is we have people dying for forty five thousand people from mobile accident, four hundred and eighty thousand from cigarettes three hundred sixty thousand year from swimming pool but we don't shut the country down for that, but yet we are doing it for this and the fall out is going to last for years because people's lives are being destroyed. As DR she said, this is president it, it's not going to just go away. That doesn't mean we don't have to figure out as we've been saying here, the balance between the opening the economy and the. And m. But lives are going to be lost because of this because of the propaganda that is being speed out there by so many Dr. Phil and doctor eyes and so many other people. Dr. Phil knows that the reason the economy was shut down is because this is it a GIA. I can't believe I'm saying this out loud in a way that car crashes and swimming pool drowns are not I think the problem with TV doctors is they think about TV rating and they think about TV audience as no where they are and they know that where they are on those two shows there was some step to system about the plan to shut down the economy in the on going stay at home waters across the states and they fit into that and they played in to that. The problem is they both have huge following huge audience is who listen to their every word and they know better. I don't like how we are scary people are necessary. And that is that unless you. You have a system that is compromise, and you are older and you have other under lying health issues. You are not going to die 99% from the virus. One thing we have learned is even when there is an effective person among thousands of thousands of our case over 10000 people, it is very very difficult to contract. The virus president trump has taken on president ID steps and measures to contain the virus we have on under control is contained. We have the resources to keep it contained. We shouldn't we should be concerned all the talk about her own a virus being so much more deadly. Does it reflect reality without a vaccine the flu would be far more deadly? We don't have a vaccine for SOS. I mean they got close and in mice. We don't have a scene for HIV, and life did go on the one thing we do know as is health people, less physician and scientists and public health people, is that some people may think it's going to be. Like a light switch on and off, you know either out and wear in its just not going to be that way. I will just remind the American people again. This is a highly contains a GIA severe ase. 