To pass the jeans along to the next generation, the most animals need a partner. So on one sense meeting is CO operative with each partner convenien half their DNA to the off spring, but meeting all so involved planning of competition between the sex is that's because both male and female xa hard wire to try to make babies they can survive and re produce. But they do this and totally different ways is that actually threatened the other sex is genetic legacy for male, its all about quantity sperm are easy to mass produce, and most mail spend a little time or energy parent ING. So their best meeting strategy is to breathe in book the more off spring they have the better the odd that some will drive. For most female, this strategy doesn't work because they have a limited supply of eggs and spend lots of time and energy carry for their young instead female want to make sure they can get the best dad for everyone of their off spring some choose only to make with the biggest flash is or best behave mail. Others make with multiple mail and then choose a winner chicken for instance can select school. Squirrel tried to insure fidel by plug in female DDR aster t belt and mail fruit flies go even further along with their sperm. They released the chemical cocktail that the act of eight er the sperm stimulate relation and kill their partners future sex drive with and aunty. In response, female develop counter counter strategy is to re gain the upper hand or wing or pour some female schools, for instance, have figured out how to plug out there to aster t plug. And in other species like dogs and high in is female have eyes like we productive track that require their full cooperation to navigate. Meals of all in response and the sexual arms race keeps esker lating which explained why some dogs have penis is that look like this. In general, the more per miss you with the species mail ZARA that uses of the female and the more intense the sexual arms race, on the other hand, in species in which partners tend to have longer term relationships and raise off spring together, like how much a band re productive success for one partner also means success for the other. So the to sex is baby making strategy line up more closely, but even the possibility of nan mon ami is enough to box er to sub trib u, although seem ingly romantic wedding ring is really just a guil did form of god and are made. Hey, m in here again just want to say a big thanks to for supporting me to double dot com is the leading provide a of audio books with more than 180000 download title XR including area 51 in a sense of history of America Top secret military base. You haven't heard of this book. It's fine investigate of journalist named Annie Jacob son and you should read it or download it for Free on the table and listen to any Jacobs in reading it just go to double dot com slash minute to sign up for your Free 30 day trial and then you can download area 51 or any other book of your choice again that a double dot com slash monitor. Thanks. 