In the us you can buy a pack of gum for just one or two books, but cleaning old to income off of side walks on streets can cost the town a hundred thousand dollars a year a hidden told the community has to pay. In fact, pretty much everything we can sue MM has hidden costs associated with it, especially the meat Jerry and eggs that make up a quarter of the American diet to start there is the cost of raising the animals which the government hopes cover by offering crop insurance, sheep water, low interest loans and insane lillo fees for Grace ING on public lands. If the cost of the sub sid ize showed up on the weekly grocer e bill of an average American family of four in stead of hiding in their tax statement that would add about ten dollars per trip. Then there are the health care costs associated with producing and eating the animals. We raise them in a way that breeze anti biotic resist until necess that's in humans. And the large quantity is in which we eat them. 25 pounds of meat, five girls and milk two dozen eggs and a Pound of animal facts perform a Lee per week continued to seize diabet es and some cancer. If the medical costs and lost wages from all these diseases were in clue did in the families weekly gross e bill they would add another $25, then there's the potential disaster ase cost of damage ING our planet's ability to sustain us, only a 10th of the food live stock eat gets turned in the food we can eat. The animals use the rest just to stay alive and along the way they pollute our water with their Pope and our air with their methane breath and there to feed the nine billion animals we eat each year we need to grow rough li three times as many crop sass as we would if we just ate plants all that effort in it's huge amounts of green House gas as as poison ous chemical and concentrate on you and to the soil air and our water sources and roads billion za or for tea dollars to the families grocer e bill. Of course, the average American family doesn't actually for over four hundred and seventy five dollars at the check out counter each week because we as a society have to fall that to paying for those costs in other ways, but understanding just how expensive meet dairy. And eggs really are might lead us to eat less of them because an additional $275 per week is enough to make even a mouth water ING Bacon cheese burger harder to swallow. Hey, this is Henry thanks for watching for some really nuance on packing of the strong feelings people have in both directions about eating less meat we recommend Bryan cave man zx talk and hate green video yr veget arian annoy ING linked in the vo description. This video was sponsor dw double dot com a leading provide a of audio books including period ical fiction and non fiction in our research. We use the book media mix by David Simon which on surprising li is about the economics of producing and consumer meet its the first attempt to have seen at in clusive quant ify ING the hidden costs of animal based foods in America and Simon includes enough solid statistics and figures to help you consider the issue on your own. So a you can get a Free thirty day trial and download media mix. Or any audio book of your choice by going to order by dot com flash me to again that is about com slash minute and we love to hear your thoughts about eating animals. 