This video was sponsor by tab for a cause. Hi, this is Emily from minute. Most of our crop sty every year and it's not just because we eat them it's because dying of a year is just what the plans we go for crop sten's on the wild live for more than a year and sometimes way more. So in theory if we farm these long live for any of plants in stead of the animals we wouldn't have to receive our field every single year and our lives would be easier and we do grow some personal mostly stick with animals because there strategy in life is to grow up as fast as possible so that they can make the seeds of the next generation or in the case of wheat, corn, rice and a few other crop, the seeds that make up the majority of the human diet. Her any as on the other hand, take the time they need to grow up strong and build big. So any animal waiting around for a personal to pump out some seeds just knock on might end up waiting a long time, but in the wild the person you'll strategy wins out because once per annual plans locked down some real estate, they keep it locked down. Living not very much space for sure to lift plans to spread out. So in general it takes an event like a fire to clear the field for animals and allow them to take over. But because we humans have grown such an appetite for animals of London seeds were willing to step in and do a lot of that field clear ING helping the short lived plants crop up in places they never would have on their own all across our planet. This video was sponsor DF for a cause of Free browser extension that don't eats a fraction of a penny to charity. Every time of user simply open the new tap pen e parts add up. Tap for a cause has already raised almost half a million dollars for charity like water dark and the foundation to Dick Reese world suck. Tap for a cause just update its extension with fast to page load and even more beautiful background if you weren't for a cause yet join us click the link in the description to download tab for a cause now. 