‡≈we usually think of wild animals as beautiful the dangerous creatures, however history knows many cases of wild animals saving people's lives want to hear the fascinating stories. Let's get into it. Number one, the way that protected a woman from a shock. And fall 2017 a marine biology STH with swimming just off the cook islands when she suddenly saw a hump back whale approaching her it wasn't that big of a deal until the whale started to bump into her with the head and belly. It made numerous attempt to carry the woman on its head belly or back incredible confused. She returned to her research vessel look back into the water and understood by the way I can so weird there was a tiger shark swimming really close to it. This way was just trying to protect her and get her out of the water as soon as possible according to special. Come back whale ZARA extremely protected of their babies always looking out for Prada tas. So maybe it was simply and natural instinct for a while to feel the help us woman from a large dangerous shock. Number two, the beaver that come for dinner, young boy, fever is are among the cute animals ever right after this story you'll fall in love with them even more. A Canadian family of three had decided to go on a cam ping trip. Unfortunately this trip ended in tragedy when the parents decided to go fishing while their son's day on the shore. The parents both tipped over and they drop the young boy was scared and had no idea what to do. So he decided to walk to the nearest town could find to get help. He walked for hours but is the sunset he realized he would have to spend the night outside, completely exhausted. He settled on the ground and felt the warm for everybody pricing against him as he fell asleep when he woke up the next. Morning he was really surprised to see three while before sleeping against him. The temperature had dropped below zero. So if it wasn't for them, the young boy would most probably have frozen to death. Number three, the blue whale that rescue the diver, Free diving competition are usually fun and exciting. But in 2009, one of them almost turned into a total night mare, as one of the competitive died in to the Free zing water shi developed to crap in her leg and found that she couldn't swim. Thankful miller, one of the blue whale is in the tank, notice that something was wrong and grab the woman's leg, leading her to the surface and there for saving her life. The woman was shocked, but luckily completely on hard number for the lines that saved the kitten that girl. Back in 2005 a Terre fi event happened to a 12 year old the open girl she was walking home from school went for men adopted her a Legend one of them wanted to marry her by force. Of course the police started looking for the girl right away but they had almost no leaves for over a week finally they found the girl safe and sound in the company of three adult lion. According to the victim they attack the kidnap as scared them away and stayed with her until the police arrived the policeman were shot. But as soon as they approached the girl, the lion's comedy went back into the woods. So I'm specialist suggest that the lines came to the girls rescue because there crying on screen XM a have sounded like a lion cut whether or not its true one thing is certain lion's who usually attack people say this little girl's life. Number five. A dear that scared away in a TAC a deer are certainly elegant and beautiful creatures, but that doesn't mean they can't be scary sometimes. In winter 2012, a young woman in Ohio was leaving a party at about one and and decided to walk home on foot. She was half way there when she was attacked by an unknown man who grab her and hit her. He was just about to drag her into a field when he suddenly saw idea to be wo can up by the sounds of the woman struggling they scare the man away and he fled the scene immediately. This year on only save this woman's life she returned to the party on call 911 is fast she could unfortunately she could not describe enough the man's appearance to the police so the case remain done so number six the elephant that saved a girl from its you NA me in 2000 and for the south west coast of southern Thailand was hit by a horror fine too NA me at that time the region was full of foreign as who came to visit the country during the Christmas season among the people who tried to flee from the enemy was an eight year old girl. After that it carried her to higher ground on its back and tried to protect her from the approaching waves turning its back to the waves to make sure the girl would be safe. The girls were a family was exception e relieve when they saw the girl on her. And they created the elephant with saving her life. Number seven, the grill a the Garden boy in 1986 are the girl is couldn't help, but notice the boy to that they acted aggress seeing him as a stranger in their territory. However, instantly made it clear that the boy was protected staying with him until the employees and medical workers arrived thankful every thing turned out all right and the boy received the nest. Treatment. A similar situation happened at brook field zoo in 1996, when a 3 year old boy fell into the grill, a habit at the story repeat itself has been a female grille, a protected the boy from the other grille as and even carried him all the way to an entrance where medical personnel were waiting. The boy had to spend four days in the hospital to recover from the fall of anti war, got lots of attention from visitors who gave her and her baby delicious treat almost every day. Number eight, the bear that protected a man from a lion and spring 2012 and then decided to go hiking in the beautiful words of whisk e flat in California everything went well and even saw a gorgeous bear and it's little baby as he was about to leave. Battle for some time until the line flat as fast as it could the bear simply returned to its cup and the man successfully left the woods. He later confess that he thinks the lion was in Italy planning to attack the bear but went for him instead. Even the king of the jun gle has to watch out for mama bear. Number nine. The giant city turtle that carried a woman on its back in 1974, a 62 year old woman found herself in a life or death situation when the ship she was on was red. None the less she made it home of life. Thanks to a giant's eternal who came to hers q as the woman later she saw the turtle coming her way and grab it shell to survive as a result. She ended up on the turtle back until she found another ship and was pulled out of the water. But the most amazing thing is that the turtle carried the woman for two whole days, even though it need to go on the water to get food the turtle basically start to save a woman's life. Witness is also claim that after. The woman got on the ship, the turtle swimming circle is near the ship for some time as if it was trying to make sure that everything was fine only then did it go on your water. Which one of these stories surprised you the most tell us in the comments section below don't forget to give this video like share with your friends and click sub scribe stay on the Bright side. 