²»grown up in misery, they would kind of take us out into the woods. They would give you a map and they will give you accomplish. And he had to find your way home and without the campus. You can't even read the map. That's what I'm here to tell you the company is the key. Accompany is most simply a piece of metal that has been magnet ised so that it will turn towards the earth magnetic pole. The one that we all think of is the pocket of this looks like a watch, right? You can hold it in your hand, and to watch the little needle balance around until you find North Is this giant magnet. And when you use the campus, you are in touch with the very scent of our planet where this kind of rolling ball of multi iron is spin around and creating a magnetic field. Just like a magnet you can play with on your table Top as a North Pole in the South Pole and we use companies to find our way North because of that fact. Early is known company comes from about 200 BC in China they figured out that some of the metal coming out of the ground was naturally magnetic. And so they fashion this magnet ize metal to this kind of little looking thing, put it on a brass plate and then it would point North. It seems to have been primarily used to improve feng shui, so they could figure out what was the best way for energy to flow through their living space as sale as were probably the early a doctors of the more portal version of it because no matter where the sun was, no matter what the condition of the stars were, they would always be able to find North. Now much. Later in the european xa, the ones who in of eight and come up with the campus rose it is essential e laid out what North, south, east and west look like. And it also n able due to kind of create new directions like North, west, south east, what have you. For the first time they knew where they were going, that is kind of a big deal, but also I think it was part of this general re invitation of the european science. You might know it has the innocence, lots of new tools were invited from the tele scope to the Micro s got that are because of company is right, because then you start to understand which direction is which I get a lot more detail on that just kind of changes the human relationship to the world. The campus with the map is like a super power. Everything that we think of as world history would not have taken place without the campus, the age of explanation melon circum navigate ING the globe. Even the fact that we know it is a globe, the campus ends up getting them bed in all these. Other tools because it is such a function a lab ject so you might have it in bed in your will you might have it in bed in your phone. The company is everywhere because its literally how we find our way across the face of the earth. So you can go off and explore and find out what is over that next Hill for that next horizon. But you can also rylee bli find your way home. 