Hi, this is Emily from minute. Over the ages, the million are so Rock that make up the main road belt between Mars and you better have sent chung KS of space to breathe large and small crash ING into earth. And after Anna lizing a lot of these media rights, we have discovered something really weird. More than a 3rd of them have the same the chemical signature suggest ING that they broke and off. From a single aster oid by using special tele scope ster mineral make up of roads we think we're identified the corporate known as he b. He be is pretty big compared to other words in the red belt, but it still only makes up a tiny fraction of the total mass and it's been in lots of media roid making collection including one so violent that it might have broken off a huge junk of Rock called GB, but lots of other words have also been in lots of x instead he be as it's unique status to its location at the edge of an empty band on the road belt. As as for its on either side of his band or with the sun, they passed your bitter and get a little extra. Additional pole. But that Paul comes in a different place with each orbit. So kind of just average is out of our time. But any Rock that finds it self inside the empty or with the sun, exactly three times faster than u Pitt a does which brings it close to do better at precisely the same to places in its orbit over and over and over and over and over and over again. This so called orbital residence distort the shape of the roads orbit, and eventually g stable eyes is into a potential earth crossing path Hebe seeds more space rocks into you, but just reached than any other roid there by sending more rocks rocket ING to us than anything else. Fortunately, most of them miss us like the one with 100000 times more dis tract of power than the hero team a bomb with flu lies in 2012. Just 20 moon distance is a way, but we weren't so lucky in 1976, when a bowl of the size of a Toyota cam ry crash into a field in northern China or in 1868 wen 10 tons of p size media. Upper North east and pull and scientists are research in ways that we could die ver to really big one if were on occasion course with her, but our an Tom got on plan is still decades away from realization. So there is still time for a magnet right to turn us into dinosaur its enough to give you the heavy GB. Hi guys, this video was sponsor by the online learning community skill share more about them in a second. But first I want to let you know about a new book by our friend Jorge cham who did the gorgeous illustration for this video. The book is called we have no idea and in it Jorge and physics Daniel y tz and explore some of the biggest misery is about our universe like this one earth is constantly getting hit by incredible high energy party girls, but no one has any clue where they are coming from or even what kind of COS MIC event could be producing them. And if you want to learn how to make comments like or hate, you should check out skill share skill share features more than 15000 how to classes from. Industry experts like how to create web comic whittier of serious ribs and how to do modern marketing with Seth god in the first 500 men are fewer can get a Free two months trial was skill share by cooking the link in the description box below. Thanks Gill. 