Hi, this is cake from minute. Solar panels pretty much only come in one color dark that is because they used arc sheet of can crystal to absorb the sons rates then turn them into electrical energy and solar panels are becoming so cheap and so efficient that soon whole city is could run on some one except almost all the sun catching area in cities is on the sides of buildings, which are usually designed to let light in. We could plast our solar panels all over the sides of buildings, but that would be sad for the people inside. However, there might be another way scientists recently invent ID a solar panel that looks like a window. In fact, it is a window except that it's m bed with a thin layer of tiny silk and part ical called quant of dogs that absorb some of the short wave length of in coming light while letting the rest pass through. The dance then re IM it the energy and longer wave length, which balance along the window pain rather than escape ING because of physics thing called. Total internal reflection. And because the quant a dot only absorb shorter wave length, these really a mid waves travel through the pain without being ri absorb by other dogs. When they reached the edge, they hit tiny solar cells that convert them into electricity. Because these solar windows capture some light there, not a hundred percent transplant, but actually me the our normal sky scape a windows, they're usually code with reflected material to keep some of the sun's energy out. But so ler windows r yet is efficient a typical solar panels and engineer xa still working out some of the technical king soup to miss tic estimate put transplant quanta MM dot sola windows at least several years out. And whenever they do roll out, you might not even notice because you will be looking right through them. This video was answered by the university of mini, so to where students, faculty and staff across all fields of study are working to solve the grand challenges facing the side. In the department of mechanical engineering professor and graduate student Samantha Hill have made a quant mmm leap in this area by creating silic and nano parties and embedding them in clear sheet that could power the solar windows of the future. Thanks university of mini so to. 