Hi, this is Kate for minute. If you put a wolf sweater through the longer it takes, so why don't sheep which are you know basically made of wool, why don't they drink in the rain? The answer comes down to a fraction. Like all mam o hair lo fi bazaar covered in overlap ING skills that run the length of beach five, these sales make it easier for the fiber to slide in one direction than the other, which is why if you grab a stand of your hair and pull it through your fingers, you'll find it move more smooth li going towards the tip than to heard the root and when a wolf or human hair sweater gets thrown into the washing machine and toss to round this one way of resistance becomes a problem, because as each five or BS a guess only allowing the fiber to move in one direction, the water makes things worse, both by causing the fire is to swell which brings them into closer contact and buy soph ning the skills which makes them for be enough to get caught a neighbor in five years more easily, but not so floppy that they can give way on. Now the five hours to move the past each other also rates the rational effect probably by making the hair is more Ben d, which brings them into great a contact the same way cook to forget a noodle touch in more places than hard on cook ones. Throughout the course of the wash and dry cycle, the millions of tiny ratchet on the thousands of individual fiber zine the wool sweater draw the fabric into a tie to and tie to can figure Asian drinking the overall size of the sweater. When she get caught in the rain the five years and their thick coat swell and their sales off on to but there will doesn't get toss to round enough for the ranch at of fact to cause it to tight and less the sheep get really RAM bus. Thanks for watching the idea for this video actually came from a view of thanks for better we love hearing from you and one of the best ways to wait in and what we do is to join the minute patron community or you can let us know what you are curious about and ensure that were able to keep making videos. Don't be sheep ish come join us at the patriot dot com. Slash minute. 