On board the u SS George hw bush Malaysia trump talk with fox news is on Hana to defend ING the president and taking on the press. This morning the first lady opening up. I think my husband he is doing an incredible job Malaysia trump talking about her marriage and the media in the hardest thing. I would say that opportunities who are using my name, my family name to advance themselves from communications to r journalist ii r performance, book writers. It doesn't hurt the problem is they writing the history. And it's not correct. The rare interview, just her second extended sit down since becoming first lady. There was a moment that you you realize this is real. It's incredible when you. Think about it, your life where you were born and and all the steps you took. I took a lot of steps. It's not just like you end up here. Are you learn a lot on the way here you need to have very thick skin to that and she is taking a stands against online bully the critics say her be best campaign off and seems that adds with her husband TwitterÌ«rate¡£I don't agree with the stone sometimes and I tell him that¡£So as I said before sometimes he was like he was going to say something and he said, I said I said to him, you know I don't think you need to to be that out, but on the end it's his decision. He knows the consequences, he is an adult. And you know but he is a fighter he is the fire the first lady sharing more about how she and her husband first met, but we had the great chemistry when we in 1998 and we we start dating and. You know, we did it for a long time before we got married and we got married with the sun. But we had a great chemistry from the day one. What would you want to America to know about him behind the scenes? That maybe they don't see or no, that maybe the med would never tray about him, that he is fighting for the America and American people. Everyday. Everyday he wants to govern the right way and sometimes it start because you could see the media wants to be and focus on negative ity. 