Noise. I was not one of those kids that new what they want to do when they were growing up in the last 15 years of my career. I've been in English teacher turn in a video game create an our toilet paper sales men selling millions of rules of toilet paper a year. Life is about finding the intersection of I went to school. And have a lot of time to waste this talk is it for those that are just looking to quit the job because they don't like their boss or they had a long day at work. This is for those that are ready to make the completely scary leap into a brand new career. So I should think about making that career change hear u tips that I hope you consider and a few things that I picked up on the way. First there are three things to think about before you ready to move on number one professional life is about learning if you're not even interested in learning any more as a huge red flag there might not be a future for you in that industry number to Korea changes are often got and if you're constantly having sleep this night where you're just wide awake staring at the ceiling thinking o man I can't live with myself if I never try to make this change or if I don't even investigated the trust your gut it might be time for that career change. On the flip side, one reason to not move on is short term pain you don't like your boss or people at the office of waiting on you. That's actually not a really good reason to absolutely change your career because when you do change your career generally going to have to start from the bottom and you actually going to feel a lot of. Short term pain, whether it's through a lack of salary or lack of a title paint it any job is in ever. So now you convinced that it's time to change your career and there are three things to do immediately. First network network network, no one ever built the Korea without a good men, tor a good support network. I mean by net working is getting all the great advice that you can possibly get technology has made it so simple to reach out the new people to say I'm thinking about making a career change do you have just five minutes to chat with me that passion and then hunger and the ability to be a really attract men tor's and people will ING to give you their time to give you some good advice is to go out there and meet new people. The second thing you need to do immediately short of your finance is the reality is when you change your career you are they going to start with a job with the lower title or lower pay or maybe even know I especially if you're starting your own business Silly as I made the transition from being a turn over to a game, create aI wanted to have at least six to 12 months of personal run way in the bank u no six to 12 months might not be the right number for you to be honest with yourself on what that number should be number three. If you're not ready to make the full jump right at this moment, then get your side House on side House was could be anything from volunteer ING with an organization that in that new industry that you want to go into could be starting your business part time on the weekend is a Free way to get a taste to see if you really really love something. So you ready to make the move or maybe you already made the move here are three things you should think about doing right now. One do not I repeat to do not burn bridge is you spent years building those bridge is why burn them now the world is such a small place especially with all these online platform that believe me you will see these people again and probably in the most in opportunity times number two. Take stock of what you've learned in your previous Korea or Korea's most likely a lot of those things are really apple ical to your new. Job in your new career, whether it's in the inter acting with people are playing on the team or whether it's dealing with Jackson dealing with all those things are really university as you're going to find you no matter what industry and no one's I mean to it, everyone's got to figure it out and you probably know how to do it and last live when you start your new job, I know you're gonna be nervous, but don't worry take a deep breath because this is what I want to tell you, you're part of a new team now and everyone around you is ru ting for your success because your success is their success. So welcome to your new Korea. 