Hi, this is Emily from minute. You may have noticed that con serve Asian can be content ious, but no matter how you feel about b Zora trees or even please here is one totally practical argument for keeping as many species around as possible. Bio diversity is good for the economy. For example, in a recent study, which I should mention was CO op ard by minute and writer and tree college is Peter scientists looked at tons of force around the world and found that stands with more trees, species grow faster and bigger than those with fewer species which makes sense trees of a single species all have the same approach is to getting light nutri ent and water. So they end up compete ING with each other while trees of different species have different approach is so they can eat less and together actually use a larger portion of the available resources. And these games add up to a lot more green, the world's log for us. Produce at least thirty five percent more Tim ber than they would if each stand of trees had only one species to the tune of at least two hundred billion dollars in additional revenue each year, this diversity divid end is at least twenty times more than the total amount of money we currently spend on concentration and the economy star find in these diversity divid ends in other places to on farm fields for STH on STH different tears go to work at different times. So keeping a diverse set of in sex around helps in sure that crop swell be our fruit and cash whenever they Flower. And in our legs and reverse the more kinds of talks in ching Micro there are the more pollute and they can clean up keeping down the multi billion dollar cost of maintain ING clean water ways, of course, it's hard to give bio diversity a dollar value in each and every eco system and money probably is in the only way we want to measure the value of nature, but in lots of places healthy more diverse eco systems appear to translate to a healthy or bottom line. So despite what you made. Have heard money really does grow on trees and these were still not sure about please. This minute video was sponsor ld to where students, faculty and staff across all fields of study are working to solve the grand challenges facing society. This video was informed by the research of university of many so to scientists Peter David and forest is Bell Sarah Harvey and Steve policy. The university of many so to driven to discover. 