All right, error in this one. Rock is at the mountain Top, he gets what ID by the monster tail falls, troubles and rules and put up another ledge, falls and other bunch of feet and then crash is. All right. Wash my hands, I love you. Here comes the perfect. My name is to restaurant and I mostly known for my animal and career I'm the voice of to make her from the fairly occurrence. I. Thus originally I was bad girl along side Mark camel and Kevin con Roy I had a really fun career. And I was one tough month, so I knew to me had to be happy, MR very very weird way of pronounce ING things like d tie my book rug rats. I just got off the plane of the screen ING baby and that's the cry the time doing and most of deals lines were in the stage directions. So i'd be like OK. I remember at the session we had to stop tape and I'm thinking something is wrong and they said to there is a new mom in the studio on making her lack tate. And you guys I'm not funny but seriously this. Will be extremely painful in the case of raven. And while I was doing the addition, it was similar to my own voice and I thought just this idea to have this word got to roll every time she says anything as soon as I started doing this, I saw the people in the booth kind of k to each other and went that's raven. Back girl was me like it's the only voice I do that's my own voice. That was back. Like that classic story the line in the mouse that were a pink off when your voice acting you have to tap into the ability to make something believe able without it being there, it's a completely different art form that on camera. You have to let the audience feel what it's like to fall off a Cliff without their actually being a Cliff there like you got to have to be willing to play around and not afraid to look silly and then once you create a character in my. Experience a like live up in my brain and there just ready to come down when it's our terms. So I don't confuse them they all are their own Entity. Basically I am a crazy person, so I just need a long screen as you just keep going. 