We're going to start here this half hour with something a little bit more to rest really involved Prince Harry's latest gi as a guest editor and BBC radio and one of his high profile interview was a friend and former president guy named Bob Rock Obama ABC of the program is here is what they discussed, including social media and Megan macos royal Christmas eve a good morning to you good morning the Prince with the like this morning talking about his own head lines is very tall romance. His friend ship with former president which that is quickly becoming one of the world's favorite romance is Harry taking this ho sting opportunity to chat with and about some of those close as to him. Prince Harry taking to the air waves over night we joined in the studio by our guest editor Prince Harry and the one is on the point of coffee. First Christmas with the market has done and absolutely amazing job is you no getting in then and you know it's it's that is the family show. In the the newly engage royal guest editing BBC radio for as morning program, I'm fortunate to have a platform like this even sharing a his friend. ‡≈all the work that was still UN done and concerns about how the country and move forward. But you over all there was there was an at there are more than I would have expected. The president and Harry becoming fast friends after at nd. Ciao this past September, clearly comfortable enough for this lightning round in the interview. Brief. Sorry, we don't answer these questions. The born James and Michael Jordan Jordan although I love the one but I'm a scar go die. So that makes me a question. And obviously from Chicago is going to the next question that will the Obama is be invited to the royal wedding since the former president harrier become such good friends. When the guest list has been released yet lots of relation this morning that about who will get a golden ticket to the big fair and the where do you see them. Yeah fault international. Fares. All the burning questions. Thanks for ever. Well, hey, there de ma fans Robert Robert's here thinks for checking out our YouTube channel, lots of great stuff here. So go on, click the sub scribe and write over write over here to get more of awesome videos on content from g ma every day any time we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on ji ma. 