Hi, this is error. I make stick figure illustration and emotion for a minute of earth. And I have realized that most people don't have a clue of how the gy to drawing is made. So when present it with things like this or this they will believe it start with magic. But that is not true, not entirely at least this drawing and all the digital illustration for minutes are made in the before the shop which is the software in principle similar to Microsoft paint. If you are familiar with paint, you know that you can draw Free style change the banks of the fitness and colour feel close to region eraser zoom in zoom out and if your hands shake to much at perfect shape, with enough time and Patience you can make pixel art, which is the digital version of cross stitch in which is also very fun. And while we could certainly paint pixel by pixel to make your point, it could take way too much time. Also picture will have this world pixel ated feeling and even if they don't. Have this feeling of first sight. If u zoom in off you are going to clearly see those pictures image is made up of officials are known as of rest of graphic. In contrast, we have vector graph is which won't get this late at no matter how much is you mean, you can make a vector graph is seen at of the straight or draw escape. And even in power point I mean PowerPoint allows you to make a basic victory illustration given that you get rid of those horrible the fault colors, with vector graph is you can scale without losing quality change the shape sue are ready to them at the grad ient to make poly guns at it them and even make fancy curve, of course, power point is not the best to, if you are into the vector graph. But you get the point that to drawing, in general have a green light minim alist look, and while you could certainly make friends with vector, its not going to be an efficient process, because vector s are not meant for complex grad ient text or real ism. Because digital painting requires a graphic study that you can still think with a mouse that is in a graphic study is faster and more comfortable digital are the use of wight variety of software for painting like coral painter or create a. However the most popular is a dog before the shop for stars for the shop can use the pressure to adjust brush size of a city, Discovery color and even shape. I mean, how cool is this? This is still vast and graphic, but you won't have those is you can have grad ient back to text edit photo fix photos, take photos and way more things that you can listen in the video. One of the cool of things in for the shop is that you can draw in different places, which means you can make a schedule one layer and use it as a guide to draw the line and in another layer. Then high the stage and colour in another layer. This is a pretty cute drawing already, but let's make it cool at shop. Goes by making a new layer and turn it into sleeping mask which will allow you to draw only on Top of the color change the layers blend in mode to multi ply and turn up the down you raise this is a big black and make create a new layer for the background PIC the grey and two and person alized by adding a bunch of beautiful blues select circular grad ient and you get the nice background. Finally make a new layer and then use in a light blue make the rain change it spending more to offer a fix on at some extra staff and there you go cool simple and great for mail for a minute video. See you next time. 