Hi, this is Kate for a minute. Around the turn of the 20th century African ranch as regularly shot these q need of converse, the animals were known as tri color dog's but the angry ran to convince the creatures worse law to ring life style started calling them simply and to stay for a while dogs and the name stuck. For decades, the k nights population decline, but most people weren't that concerned after all wild dog sound like crazy rays vector y care about them disappeared. It turns out that names can really affect our production of animals in a negative way or a positive one. For example, this light head sounds a sly me not something you'd order for dinner, but what someone in the fishing industry clever ddle orange coffee consumer started calling it up actually almost to existing. This is marketing plan. And simple like how re Christmas dried plum made the fruit c more hit and how to back o company Philip Morris represent itself is the incredible and Eric ultra. So the public would forget it struggle drip Asian and for an animal the right name can make us want to save it. Studies have shown that when people are given a species name, for example, the patriot falcon and the sheep eating eagle people are much more interested in can serving the species whose name sound positive. If the Harry nose work all the fur in order apparently be more willing to spend resources to protect it, a small change but for is I don't know, maybe cute. But does remaining species work as a conversation tool in the real world. Will there some species of in the pacific compaq dolphin was remained the Hong Kong pink dolphin to inspire local sense of pride. And to capital eyes on the animals weird but cute is color the species quickly go on and public interest it was even choose and as a Hong Kong mask and extra concentration funding road in. And that African wild dog that was were killed. The conversation groups in Bob have started to call it the painted dog which seems far less suitable and it's helping the population there re bound. It's worth no ting that the population of both the Hong Kong pink dolphin and the paint the dog remain parallel e ll o. It's obviously going to take more than just marketing to save that. It's also worth no ting that the tri color I mean while I painted dog isn't even technical a dog. The to linear is split more than 6 million years ago some yet another name change is in order and since the internet is pretty awesome remaining species feel Free to leave us your idea in the comments. If you want to learn more. Kids and dogs and heart moves on floating potato and saber tooth jingle to us then you want to check out curiosity strain which sponsor d's series from some of the world's best film makers, including exclusive originals about all sorts of awesome science dun like our friends direct great new show about alphabet ical PETS. You can get UN limited stream ING access starting it just to 99 a month and for minute fans the first 30 days are completely Free when you sign off at carry off the stream dot com slash minute and use the prime of code minute. Thanks curiosity stream. 