Hi, this is away from me at earth, and this is the chemical formula for the activity green in a common over the counter name of the consciousness. And this is the chemical formula for an extremely dangerous straight drug. They have the same boil in point the same molecular mass and are made of the exact same elements in almost the exact same structure. These two chemical ZARA mirror image as known as and animals. They are sort of like your left and right hands if your right hand was Evil. And for the same reason your right hand only if it's in to our right hand of love and your left hand only fit into a left, have the glow each and aunty Mary fit only into its correspond ING recept. When the respect for the nation spring molecule ZARA active ated they send out the new world turns me on that helps open the names of passengers, but when the respect for the straight drug molecule get killed the result. The transmission cause the birth of you for a an a for this year in the near term in addition, brain damage in the long term does and of our molecule also have left and right hand that version the right hand of police in a million mind, the toxic heavy metal in the blood stream and lets you p them out. On the other hand, left hand the police in I mean is incredible toxic itself sin city block the body's ability to use by them in the six and cause your brain to mouth function, left hand the car and makes things smell like me, right hand of god and make things smell like lik despite mirror molecule c incredible e similar structures, you can't just easily convert one in to the order to turn this on spring in to math. You need to first break. It's very strong CO valent bond and that requires dangerous agents and expensive high pressure equipment. But the dark corner of the internet are filled with the description of people trying and miss her. We are sailing to get month and its result in hi from the source base company that produce the space has changed the name of the active reading on the package to try to dis courage. These would be water white who can't get the chemistry. Right. Or if you prefer, you can make your voice heard in other ways, whatever you decide to do, we appreciate your help making the world of well coming place for curious people. 