Hi, this is Emily from minute. For centuries, perfume makers have been a blessed with Amber gris gris looking substance that gives frequency's a long last ING an a list coder. But we finally trace this fancy perfume in grad ient straight to ways, but I like all port in store is this one starts at the other end after sperm whale staff down and afternoon snake of sch wig. Usually the soft cell, a pod slur ry slide through the wheels for stomach and keeps going while the bone like b KS another hard part skid back out, but sometimes a few of the hard pokey part sneak through to the test on from there they usually just end up with the waves liquid e poop out. To see. But every once in a while, the hard part end up getting tang ga ld with each other, and with dead in test in alarm xt a form of collecting bacteria written record all road blocks. As the international walls contract somewhere block simply pop Free, but others just get dancer and as they capture more matter and squad parts from the Pope flow ING around them also larger sperm whale is cold and can both to five times it's usual die amateur a comedy one of the snow ball in conclusion, but eventually it Roger's killing the whale and really sing a huge but Pearl of Amber gris into the ocean. Hey, this is how where and illustrator here at the mean of earth you might have noticed that agree. Is the real live version of the myth ical philosophy stone which the elder brother tried to track down in my favorite animal series of all time you can watch full metal him is brother Hood and many others like jagger ball super ur the shop with attack on Titan season one before season to finally comes out at ground zero particularly sponsor of this video because they want you to know that they have gathered together the best new animal from Japan all in one place right now you can even try out control premium their new age the offering for three days three go to country road that comes last minute of earth or click on the link in the video script on to let them know that you came from us. Thanks CTRL. 