In the world work at videos and means all the beach. One media company will rise above the noise. This is great big story, OK right? That's great. Thank you. Cool. You can speak like that now. What do you mean? This is how I always speak. My name is red pepper I'm a voice of artist. In the UK voice hundreds of movie trade as saving the earth. From this come with me. Language project ama get on space jam MR bean. So many to get half of them to be honest with you. I start to do in television advert anim ations and audio books I do a lot of bitch. As well a lot of the more sound effects of goals in the background. When I first started to a movie, coming soon to a cinema near you. Sometimes I do romantic movies. Bp town. Sometimes I'm doing horror. Don't answer the door. You got to use your voice, you got to raise it sometimes when you got to take it to the death very occasionally I get recognized but generally know but the time I do good recognized phone goes off in the train guaran teed. Hello and people look up from behind the newspapers. The way I got into being a boy George was kind of strange I used to drive train on the London underground one morning I was making my announcement. Television executive was the passenger on much rain. He got off the next stop ran up to my cab, the exchange details and the rest is history. Have had some strange experience is as a police artist I was doing the trade for dressing the lost world Steven spur of movie and kindly they chose me to do the boys in the UK something is coming. Something big. As I said that a voice in my head phone said, wow, that's a great voice. And I didn't recognize, it was Steven spiel berg. He was listening in from the states in to London will I swore I said who that is that everybody been crazy in the studio. No is still very sorry. I appreciate what I do I'm still curious about what I do I'm so proud of what I do I really don't look at it as a job. I'm having fun. It really is a cool job is got to be up there with one of the cool of jobs. On the planet, right? You got it. Cool. Come out of here. That's a wrap. 