You're not an Elon musk, the CEO of tesla is to find stay at home waters daring authorities to arrest him by reopening is California factory. California Garden news now weighing in that and that got on is near that plant in Sunny vale California with the latest good morning, matt, OK good morning George and governor news room has said that s the could start production as early as next week Elon musk said he wanted to start now and so tesla is actually begun to turn out new cars. Argue ali becoming the nation's biggest company to open the Challenge of states of authority, by starting production in the science of public health orders. This morning tesla, the largest manufacturing employee in California racing define the county public health, saying it opened its doors on Monday after in sting some safety proportion the company is Free month plant has been shut as since March 23rd now rose of cars delivery. Drugs and workers seen at the company's plan showing the tech giant creek ING back to production I might have to come back to work. The opening comes after a day's long stand off with local leaders. With billionaire CEO Elon musk finding a federal law suit against the mean a county ledge and constitution of civil liberty must even threatening to move tesla giant operations to another state. I want to make sure that we can do it like I said in the save the article way and tension still running high on Monday is must we did if anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me, hours later governor gather news of trying to use the situation I have great expectations are that we can work through the county level, the issue with this particular county and this company in the next number of days. Of course California is 1 of 45 state nation wide starting to ease Rick and but many of the states have not. Yet met the White House is guide lines to see a 14 day decline in case is before they start and that's because for many of the states that would be weeks, eve and months away leading to the kinds of conversation we've seen here between business and government Michael could be the start of something. All right, man, thank you so much. Everyone's stuff and was here thanks for checking on the ABC news YouTube channel if you like to get more video show high lights and watch live of coverage click on the right over here to sub scribe to our channel and don't forget the download the ABC news that for breaking news alert. Thanks for watching. 