Now to our exclusive interview with apple CEO Tim Cook we SAT down to discuss a variety of topics, including the new iPhone and those note aureus pause, you know the wireless head phones that are spring and Joe cor to online. So I had to try them out. IPhone seven OK so what's this one of a party? This is the best iPhone we have ever create. A photo quality is absolutely studying. Killer in addition of that battery life is longer, the performance of the iPhone is killer. We now have stere reo speakers in here. You know some books are like there is something that is missing. We iPhone Jack because you know people have been critical of that he said it was what do you mean by that? Well, wireless is the future. And so when you decide on what the future is you want to get there soon as you can. Now why is that important for the consumer? Well, that plug that takes up a lot of space in the us. And there's a lot of more important things we can provide for the consumer than that. We can provide a larger battery, the story of speakers I mention those were also unable to because the Jack is not there anymore. Then we could go back to the airport for a moment that was because people are here for that other things going to fall out and I'm going to lose them. How am I going to find them have you all discuss any thing like that you know there is a little case that you put the airport magnetic sort of suck down into the case, it's a great place to charge them and keep them have been wearing them for a while and because they don't have wires on them, the wires tend to help the air but to fall out, right, because it applied wait on those. Bye snip ING the wires I had never personally have one fall out. Let me see that you got to see this. Let me see these suck as you got to see this and try to. I've been on trend mills walking you know doing all the things that I normally do ya. O you can put on some stones here is your no, I am that they just to hear what to go and look at you talk about talking. But after you spoke the Tim cook that came out of 10 and but the all ready when the mood that they had y don't know if there are some problem. 