S Paris is a green white or purple spite of a vegetable that hair spring goes well with eggs and gives a really weird smell to your pee or maybe it doesn't about two out of every five people don't seem to experience think he is very sPE the because they don't make it or they can't smell it or both. Great minds have ended the smell the mystery since at least 1731 when a scot ish physician noticed that eating is there yes give you an a definite Funk but nearly 300 years later we still don't totally understand this think partly because it isn't a particularly high priority research area and partly because despite centuries of scientific and technological progress, the gold standard for this research field still seems to involved sniff ING p. Living has helped scientists figure out the basic though in the 2010 study researchers collected p from people both after the AID of Paris and after they read then invited the tears back to sniff everyone's creation. Some people decline to return perhaps because of what the. Which is called and anti cip ated a version to Europe of the party's that did a great to sniff a few couldn't distinguish the samples of as p from the bread p contact, which suggests that some people just can smell is very good *** we don't know exactly y yet, but variation in a set of old factory sector jeans maybe what separate the biggest piece smell as from the non stop. What's more a few people in the study produced a Paris and read p samples that were in distinguish about to everyone suggest ING that some people don't make think as big as p. But here is where peace, nothing for short because it's also possible that something even stick in those samples mask that the biggest order to figure out what's causing the sting researchers turned to scientific and found five sulfur containing com pounds that were up to thousands of times more a band on tin the air above the stick e than above the non stick e. This may be produced when in a pair of specific molecule called the spare for the music music any way when this acid breaks down in the body. But that doesn't explain why. Some people get to think it and others don't perhaps thinking as for there got my group that apple I is that molecule differently than the less funky counter parts. Maybe in the next 300 years, scientists will solve this peculiar mystery. But until then there's lots of his father goes to be eaten and p to be left its for science people. Hi, this is Kate for minute if you are as curious about the subject as we are stay tuned to help us do a little research of our own. But first we want to give a big thanks to blue a friend for sponsor in this video. Blue and milk kids show up at your door with perfect portion and green plus recipe for making healthy meals and forty minutes or less. So you don't need to stress about what to cook for dinner or spend time with the grocer east or I recently try to blue air and delivery and love the super fresh new kin grad ient like pink lemon and p tips check out the link in the video description for a two meal discount on your first blue a printer and speaking of fresh vegetables please take our three minutes survey to let us know about your behavior. The link is in the description below. Welcome pile the results and in a few weeks share them with scientists and you via Twitter and Facebook, thanks your particip Asian could help solve the mystery. 