In the United States alone, tens of thousands of babies died each year from what turned out to be a basic physics problem that problem has deep in the long ze in tiny OS x called you lie wich exchange carbon die arc sides the way I are like perfectly in flight of many balloon, but in the laws of promise with ds, doctors found that many of the many blues hadi the permanent liquor lap store stretched way out interrupt ING gas exchange and causing the babies to suffer Kate. This is where the physics comes in. If you've ever blown up a balloon before you probably noticed that the hardest part is getting it started. That's partly because of something called the law of the PLA. Which basically says that the more curve to stretch surface is the harder it squeez is the fluid inside. You can see this law at work if you take to balloon and blow one up big and the other small and connect them with the straw. The little one will squeez so much harder than it will actually push sum of its out and into the bigger one human long have essentially the same set up, but in healthy people all the lies they properly in flict ID because their full of chemical called home and restore factors that make the small ville I more strategy and less quiz balance ING the pressure between our sex, promise long haven't yet developed in ur for ver. So the small is too much on cle apps, while the large ones keep blowing up and get stretched out in Italy. Doctors have no way to alter the stretch inger squeez iness of their patients OS x. But they discovered that by pump ING air continu ously in to the previous long ze they could keep the pressure in their ways just high enough to prevent the tiny stair sac from clap sing without over in flames. In the big ones on til the baby's long is developed in ur pf servant to work on their own, someone invent it device called ac pop that did just that. And in the United States the survival rate of promise with ads sword from just one in four to three and four. And thanks to additional inter vention like helping PRE mise produce the fact and before there even born and simply men ting their natural chemical with artificial ones we continue to closer to the day when no babies born in the United States die from rds once more organizations like the rice three sixty institute for global health are interesting, cheaper and easier to maintain version of sea pat machines in to clinic sin hospitals and lower and countries increasing previous survival rate global. In fact, sense the invention of the sea pat more than two million baby's with the body s have been saved world wide. Now that a breath of fresh air read more about how lay. Has improved and will continue to improve for the world's young and poor and bill and me Linda gates annual letter. 