Hi, this is Emily from minute. You know that feeling you get when you bite into an UN wrap pair of banana munch on too many walls or sip red wine and your mouse gets cry and kind of that feeling is your mouth temporary turning into leather. We make real leather through a long and complex process with the central step called that an ING in which we so can a mole skin in water along with plant material. If we took skin off an animal and didn't turn it hungry bacteria, wood release enzyme that cut the skin is main protein college and in to digest ible bits essentially causing it to rot. But when we can the skin before it can Rock chemical call tenant sleep from the plants and bond to the college and block in the sight the an xi miz could cut and giving us rot resist and leather but plans don't make tan and so that humans can have long last thing protect of clothing instead they make them partly to protect themselves from getting it on, which brings us back to your mouth when a dear or a human is a leaf, the protein bon ding. Hands in the plant parts latch onto the slipper Pro t ns in our silver and on our tongue is on cheeks and call them to stick together and it angle of mess giving us the drive rough feeling of a and tongue. Some animals learned to avoid plans that are particularly tan ING but we humans lovers of spice it better and rot on foods have actually come to like this feeling in modern Asian so we actually seek out food that contains tenant like gr apes palm grand s because chocolate coffee and tea. But if we over do it, our mouth slipper protein get so tang ga ld that the fiction becomes really uncomfortable. Luckily the bonds between 10 is on protein art temporary meaning that at and tongue just like a fresh light and animal skin that hasn't yet gone through the rest of the leather making process can be turned. Just wait for your mouth to create enough news alive a to die live that ends and carry them away or drink your tea and coffee with milk and eat your group's with cheese. The talent will been to the milk protein instead of yours leaving your mouth. Tooth and leather Free. This ten ANTA lizing episode was brought to you by square space using their simple tools and tem pl ates. We just made a new internet home for minute. You can still find our videos on YouTube, but I men at our thought com yule now find answers to frequently asked questions and be able to meet the stick figures to bring you minute with square face is all in one platform you too can claim a unique domain create a beautiful web site and never have to install patch or up grade anything ever go to square space dot com slash minute and use the code worth for ten percent off. Thanks square space. 