Hi, this is Kate for minute. Many of the monkey scan Bang and south America have something special on their boats and extra hand will not exactly it's a pencil tale a grasp ING at that helps the animals navigate the talent»√us cannot be in search of fruits and leaves°£In fact, these tail xa so hand that monkey is in the americans have involved them to separate time and they have does an's of times in other members, rep tiles, pins and fish. But there is a big group of monkey is in which the's hand is don't exist. In Africa and Asia monkey tail ZARA tail ze, which is weird because those monkey is also spend out there monkey around in the coffee and could use an extra hand for for ging to so where are there special tail ze. Our best guess is that the difference in tail's is due to a difference in the force where those tale za pier the forest in central and south America are full of eyes. That monkey is you like tight rope to two of us between tree. So having an extra grip is helpful for balance and helpful case of emergency. But on the other side of the world, at least in Asia where we have the most data for us have fewer vine and monkey is there are often go to the ground to travel between trees, pretend that all take a lot of extra energy to operate. So it's possible that they just aren't useful enough to those monkey is to be worth having. On the other hand, there might be no good reason at all for the difference. My pure chance monkey is might have a on one side of the world and in another way on the other. But considering Prince of Taylor volte twice in monkey is in the America the vine theory of a package evolution is the easier explanation to latch onto. Plus its a pretty grip intel. We want to thank our sponsor ED ible dot com which had a big hand in making this video happen article is the leading provide a of audio books with and match selection of title of all types of literature, if you like monkey's and really who doesn't, we suggest a pri mate m. Funny and fascinating story of field research and Robert suppose this time is the lowest Bang king member of a tube of heaven's it's also a particular favorite of mind because of the spot on for trial of the same part of any where I used to study hang in us, download of prime it's memory or another book of your choice for Free but going to double dot com slash minute and sign up for a 30 day child. 