∞Æ¿÷Œ¨°£We get the blood with questions. Is there anything anybody has and asked you buy now? Think they know you read all of and magazines in the 16 and save and up and speak in Mickey and mouse and whatever they are you, this poor man's life has been a however there must be some questions because we got to to me and I'm just going to rip off some of then if any of you here have you got a question what to start with birthday August 29th. Two days after years are you both under the same sign? What is the time? Virgo as I wanna dearest Michael, the good start. So so so high oh Maria mont es, I love you more than any other star read all the stories about your belong to your fan club I read and 16 that you have a bad snake. I was like, oh yeah, rose of the pressure of snake ball construct a. You put me out. Where does rosy live with you? I like the hole is this is two years had about two years. Do they ever get too big to turn them loose or anything? Well, they are known for people and they get about what you some kind of that. But it's about 60.5 of dirty and lose in the neighborhood. Appreciate of you will do that there Michael I live in town of lord will you have a concert here this summer jokes. I think we just left amp on March but I think we going to work around to it again you go to her that started last night is a matter of going to talk to bow to little while. Dear Michael from long beach the on the Carol of 16 what school do you go to do you go to school I go to a private school in the valley. Do the stare at you because you are so rich and famous. Do they? Do they stare at you not because of its kind of a school like the kids are already in the business like there are the answers and listen and laws and so on. Coming to conduct from dear Michael who is your favorite singer? R. I like the temp tation three dog night and stable sing as Tracy ball some high land park. We picked this one because this was the most frequently asked question. Do you know the husband brothers and are your friends with him already a fight like and hate each other tell a truth now. We made in be made in Canada and we had a good time together came to the hotel and we talked a while and we have a basketball game coming up. I don't know the exact date or love to see that I know both of these groups of people and I can tell u objective they are equally talent in all of that you know all of their professional qual if it is as people there about the greatest. Jackson and but its a good combination. If we do another one of the songs from this it would you over there not give you a microphone in the usual powerful and then I will show this to you one more time. There are so many great size and how you did one by bill with as that I love this is not yet. But this is one of my favourite and again, ladies and gentlemen MR Michael Jackson. 