Donald trump is coming to town for shortly and he said his support for you and indeed for my colleague will for us on this radio station is that welcome? Well we have are very close relationships and friendship with the United States at every level of government, but what is what we don't do at the traditional e as as as loving eyes and friends what we get to do traditional is get involved in each other's election. Can we don't trust me get involved in each other kind and I'm just remind u. One of the cardno moments actually of the other end of cam pain in201619to remember when°ÉRock Obama turned up and ur and wait in any on the side of of remain in a way that was not entirely can you save to the good of that course? Do you make of the force dunk of putting on ice block in your place? Well, I iii I didn't see. The the debate, but it but it's no table that that is the people have talked more about than any of the substance that came out of the of the debate and I think that's a shame this is a government that is committed to getting to carbon neutral by 2015. So I'm on we can do it. Don't forget we have already and I think since 2010 cut c 02 millions of a 20% and the show is it right that you will be your force service. Now I want to I want to Free fair and bride of media that's what I want. I find the incredible to see what has happened ready to the labor party in all sorts of ways in in the last few years. Under MR Colin and I do you think it's incredible they moved so far to the left in the in the approach to the economy and politics the way they stick up for you know how to his blue tear and I think he is sort of suddenly not. In total control. And I think there's a lack of grape and I think there's an our culture of kiss m. It is and some parts some say that is never fear in the conservative party will be on, as I said before, you know I apologize on as I said to you know the many colors that i've had. You know that many people the point I have said things that have caused a fence what I I'm deeply sorry for the sense that I don't be sorry for the words for the so when you call the muslim woman in her to and eat well you know you are you sorry for the words I will be a friend when I let me be very clear II when I write this stuff, like I never set out to to cause pain or hurt or and you know I really do want to make sure everybody feels that they are values that they face there is there is this concern among lessness that the nhs is for sale, even one of the present is of oil. Less is treated in one of the president is treated that under the forest Johnson will have priority waiting room is in the nature and you have said this and people do not seem to believe you it is there. Is there a trust deficit with you MR Johnson the people don't believe what you say because candle you've lost your job in the past the line world prime minister of, first of all, then hs is not for sale and under no circumstances will this government or any conservative government do anything to put the nhs up for negotiations in trade talks or private and anything like that. And I can tell you were the United States or any other country. Er to insist on on that is a condition of talks we would simply walk out. 