Breaking news from London number 10 down ING street confirm is report that prime minister boss Johnson has been admitted to a hospital as a portion of following his last in 19 six symptoms. This comes 11 days after the initial con formation that he is contract ID the virus. Back here we want to hold on before we go there and let me just tell you little bit more about what's going on John said so he has last thing symptoms the hospital there are just going to be checking him out then it's a good idea to check out the prime minister of the UK in person because he has the persist and symptoms but they do say that he is still very much in charge of the country. We saw him briefly this morning as the open the front door to number ten and told reporters that he is playing with the British public to stay home. And to take this seriously there has been some fr us tration among some British a fish all that. British public is is not taking it as serious Lee as they should that they're going out to park their son Beijing and there is just a little bit too much of crowd in going on in park and there is now a threat that they might close the's park and stop people from going outside the exercise as they have done in Spain and Italy join us now from London is our own cao perry Ellis. Can you tell me about what's happening with the prime minister heard from him, found a few times in which he said he wished that he could have left his eye solution after seven days but that he had a persist in fever and that that seems to be the symptoms that finally push doctor's to say, look, it would be better if you want some one face to face now as you said sources in side and down in are saying, this was a record on ary measure. They are certainly down playing the symptoms. They're saying that he is fully in control, but again. Certainly a sign that he has not gotten better at a time table in which are his doctors would have liked him to worth mention ING and you may have done it. I was dying and I apologize you worth mention the government itself has been hit on many front, the health secretary down with the crown of Iris the chief science officer and health officials of behind closed doors for a week. They were hit by the current of the son of the queen and we heard from the queen to night in a historic address and in the 5th time that she has chosen to address the nation and outside of the Christmas dress. First on the future, king of England struck with the current of our, so it shows you under the pressure of which this government is operating Kitty. I'm just confused about this. I know how the power of line of success and works in the United States of not quite sure how it works in the UK. Obviously, this is a portion according to sources within 10 dow ning and that he is OK he is still in charge of the government, but he is being admitted to the hospital to be checked out and I think it is worth asking. If the symptoms do get worse and he is not as function as maybe he should be two to run a government who takes over. Yes and Michael gove, who is the beauty private, sort of number two there. Worth mention ING that the daily press as that are being given have been on a ro tate ING basis we heard from yesterday we had hoped to hear from the health secretary everyday man han cock, but as I said he has been down until recently until about forty eight hours ago. There was some discussion about this about what would happen and whether or not they needed to be sort of somebody out front of this and the prime minister made it very clear that he was going to continue to do things from eleven down in which is just next door in a jays to 10 down and where he has been under quant e fashion himself and compare himself and looks out very much to me Winston. So this is something he said public li so he is taking great pride in leading the government through this period. Now again on back ground source as at 10 down in her saying he is still in charge will have to wait and see how long he is in hospital he has officially been admitted in while again they called her and other questions like the one that you just asked r now going to be asked in a serious way across this government. Hey there I'm crazy for MSNbc. Thanks for watching MSNbc on YouTube at you want to keep up to date with the videos of putting out you can click sub scribe just below me or click over on this list to see lots of other great videos. 