The surprise. Let's go back to failure for a minute and I can never tell if Elon Musk is just completely a bli v to the way that people receive some of the things he says if he just truly does not care at all in this video is given a talk with the guy in the air force. And he said something that just shocked the guy in the hole audience of shock to and we're going to watch this and I want to hear you take at the end of it. I want to know do you think? He just didn't realize how that would be received when he said that or do you think he just truly does not care and i'll give you my take at the end to, so let's watch what went down here at this air force its the the fighter jet. And and the mine said that the guy tries to keep it together, but when the audience kind of he has to make that work on his face technology. How strange of a comment is so basically Elon Musk is just saying all their jobs and what they been training for doing basically their whole life is gone and everything shifting to drown. So do you think you are must the the look on his face after he got that response? It's also ambiguous. I can't tell if on is surprised and doesn't understand why people were laughing and why this guy makes it is making this face. Or if he is just like yeah, that's what's going to happen. I don't care like he just truly does it was said he Elon Musk if I can hang out with one person it would definitely be him. I think he is incredible interesting. He runs to of the most important companies on the planet and he's making 69 jokes on Twitter like you. Stress he has to be under on day today basis is insane and he still keep that incredible sense of humor about him and I can't tell if he thinks that what he is doing is so important argue that is just tesla alone is a huge movement for what's going on you know in the world and also space x is to I don't know if he just thinks he's at such an other level that he thinks using any tact in fil to ring. What he has to say from the perspective on the knowledge that he has working in these companies, if he just think that so far super seeds the importance to couch statements and worry about how it's going to affect people's little feelings. That could be one thing or maybe he just doesn't understand how he said some things in the past that are just very strange that have indicated to me that it doesn't necessarily always understand how do you see so what do you think in the comments below, let me know. Do you think that he is a bli vs to the way that things were like what he said that do you think he was not expecting the audience to have that? Surprised reaction or do you think he just doesn't care at all, he didn't interview about a year back where he's acting kind of modern and Diana lies what he say it's going to give a little more clearly on this whole. 