It's rare to see one tech tight and go after another in public, but that's what happen when apple CEO Tim Cook SAT down with MSN bc to discuss Facebook kooks Siri comments come as Facebook announced its disabling the ability for outside companies which gather your your day to like your shopping habits to target ads to you on Facebook. This morning apple CEO Tim Cook taking a my Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg the social media giant under fire after a bomb shell the data analytics firm KM bridge ana lytic a harvest ID the personal Information of 50 million suspect Facebook users in 2013 and 2014. Now in an exclusive interview on MSN BC cook question in the way face book makes money Mark to what would you do, what would I do? I wouldn't be in the situation saying apple would never sell customer data if our customer was our problem. We could make a ton of money. We're elected not to do that. Because we don't you are not our product. Cook also says apple is now investigating its a massive APP store for potential problems we are looking at in detail what is it doing? A policy that there's meanwhile Zuckerberg and his team behind the scenes still decided whether he will answer questions from congress to do is not accepted invitation from multiple congressional committee. Now Facebook hit with five new law suits and federal court at least three Facebook users suing the company for track in phone call and text message data on Android devices through Facebook messenger Facebook saying users had to opt in to the feature the mountain pressure comes as nbc news partner ita. Channel four discovered a tro of data, including cycle r gical Pro files on thousands of Facebook users in Colorado still circulate ING its a nip of Asian of our society by people who don't really care about our society. They care about their business KM bridge ana lytic adin eyes, it's responsible while Facebook once again says it's very sorry. Apples cook says consumers should be aware of what tech companies value and what they don't. I think it's an invasion of privacy. Think it some privacy to us is a human to earn back your trust Facebook rolled out new tools this week to help you find out what you've shared and more central ised ways to delete that. But now online privacy concerns are spending to other big tech company. Some users now concerned about how much personal data Google is gathering like your physical location. And your hobby is in your interests at Google now telling nbc news and encourage its users to regularly review their privacy setting sky. All right, thanks and we should mention that you can see that full interview with apples Tim cook that will be on next Friday. On MSNbc hello to do. 