At least eight people have been killed after chemical gas leak from a factory in India. The factory is located in the city of visa copy on under pressure on the east coast. Hundreds of people have been rushed to hospital and more than a thousand of aqua. Put it shows people suffering from North and a parent disney's or just lying on the street. The plant is owned by a South Korea LG cam. It's released a statement saying the leak is under control. To find out more we join out by dw correspondent diary in Delhi er getting reports of several people killed numerous injuries in that toxic gas leak. What more can you tell us when the situation is quite panic right now from the reports that are coming for STH midnight on to tm. One of the chamber of the LG polymer plant, elite. And it lead to at least it has left to at least a death, including that of the child. It has left to hundred be in hospital ised people do in Hill the gas, they were the urban visual, which came out of people live UN conscious on the street. So victim accounts have come up with say that at the since the day it was summer so they were sleeping with they will go open and their lives in the dead of the night that they could read their skin started running. There I started watching the run out of the House and people just started falling the conscious after killing the gas. So at the moment of multiple village and country kill me to radio around the plant multiple religion in that is have been a vacuum ated on the rescue operation was still going on. Multiple village is affected. What kind of gas are we talking about here? What does the factory produce? Well, they not really confirmed reports yet, but some report say that it is the gas. So this plant is more than the making of polymer, which is basically the words that I was that I plastic which is used in the making of toys in the science of the most of love against for yesterday. So this guy is using the making of that. And if there are reports that if can you made in a large quantity quantity that can actually be fit in the special e for young children, so the gas is quite toxic in nature, and that is why we have seen images of people in hundred running around the streets and waiting for and balance, how authorities dealing with the situation. When should have been taken, as I mentioned, as to operations are going on, the prime minister has taken out of the situation you even called up a meeting with the ndma witch is the national disaster management of and the same authority is also working. It is a developing story of the death toll which we have on the number of injury which we are learning about its may increase as more report to come up. Hearing from the company LG cam that the situation is under control, as you mentioned, is there still any risk to public health at this point? At the moment, I think it is too soon to say that as I mentioned, that is the developing story and a gas leak is an industrial design to which, as history shows us has lived too long term in fact, wherever it has happened. So as long as the impact of public health is concerned, I think we need to wait for more detail report and expert analysis on what exactly this gas can lead to and how long can we see the in fact coming in. Thank you very much for being yourself to take their that was my story in Delhi. 