The agent in lake duck spi ral ling penis ext ends more than 60 nin chips. The sea go on the other hand doesn't have a penis at all. For two animals was so much else in common. This is a pretty big spectra. In fact, birds exhibit the biggest range and relative penis size of any class of vertebra. And there are a couple of key reasons why for one male birds are unique set up to pass helpful sexual trait directly to their sons treat like showing me to track ting tail feather Zora Jenny Taylor of certain dimensional animals generally can these kinds of trade down through their sex criminals but the sex crime a soul male mam as pass on to their son's is pretty tiny and has relatively few jeans mail birds on the other hand have a bigger comes with lots of jeans and there for have higher chances of passing on like one for extra sexy tail feather XR directly to there. Like the lake duck's really long penis male dogs often made with UN willing female by force. And it happens that the meals with the longer stand twist e as general's are the most successful, which means the longer and twist the is gentle jeans keep getting past down from father to son. On the other hand in word species wear less well and out miles do better maybe because female prefer them or because big big is that it's really easy to make a bird penis drink. A single museum on the birds large sex chrome asso trigger production of a protein that basically. Raise the developing embryo penis all it then take STH to make the entire species penis is for this may take to get past down the line from male to male but give and how the chrom a similar ange men of birds allows more mail trait ster change more easily even penis lessness is in permanent the locker o wild cousin of the chicken went from having a penis to not having one to growing one again. Speaking of crime as this video was answered by 23 in me which has a special interest in the chrom a psalm of our own species, 23 and the half blood group report, let you raise the foot steps of your turn len patern lines with the latest science. Along the way you may discover that you share our common and sister with some pretty amazing figures. You can also gain in sight into unusual details about your home to get test in kids for you and your family and to support our channel go to 23 and me dot com slash minute.  