We turned out to the activation is that China cover up the extent of the virus out break this year, the trump administration has also like the virus OA lab in wu han. Now DR Anthony e is a dressing the issue maybe he is out for she has more. This morning DR Anthony e is shooting down series that the crown of Iris was man made he tells national geography everything about the step wise evolution over time strongly indicate that this virus, while she added he does not believe another theory that the virus occurred naturally but was accident ali released in to the public from a lab in China. Telling that go that means it was in the wild to begin with that is why I don't get what they are talking about. It comes after both president trump and secretary of state my comp a link the virus to a lab on wu hard without providing evidence. Have you seen anything? It gives you a high degree of. That there's an enormous evidence that that's where this big an I can tell you that there is a significant amount of evidence that this came from that laboratory in the USA is also a cuse in China of covering up just how state ING the virus was when it first hit. Us home land security report concluded quote the Chinese government in tension, a leak and seal the security of code 19 from the international community in early January while it stock pile medical supplies. And now in a new interview with the New York post president trump claims, more americans are a green with him with the desire for the us to be less dependent on Chinese manufacturing. Now these people are really agree with me, and that includes medicine and other things. The Chinese government is preparing for a serious back lash because of this. Reuters said, state security is already, anti China center ment around the world is that its highest level. Sin city and men square Massa of 1989. Get the Mona Alex thank you. Hi, everyone is here. Thanks for checking on the ABC news YouTube channel u like to get more video show high lights and watch live of coverage click on the right over here to sub scribe to our channel and don't forget the download the ABC news that for breaking news alert. Thanks for watching. 