Hi, this is Emily from me to Canada Quebec province produce is almost three quarters of the world and horse 50000 arrows of it in the globe only strategic make sur reserve. This reserve exist not in case of on the puzzle of situation where can have to survive on me up alone, but because if one year is harvest is low rather than having the supply drop, price is up on demand go down Canada can use the reserve xt a sup limit the serve supply and keep prices on demand stable. Other countries have food reserved to both for economic and emergency reasons, but something crazy world to happen how long could humanity get by on the food we have in the planet is covered super market square houses and silo XR today. The short answer is not very long grain XR like corn rice and wheat and two boys like potato in case of a make up the lion share of our food stores on their own they could feed humanity for about three months. At in everything else the store fruits and vegetables the meat. The milk, the eggs, the oil on the sugar, and they extend our actions by only and other four weeks, and that would be it. However, there is a lot of potential food out there if we picked all the berries and mush rooms in the world data feed humanity for only another hour or two, if we hunt it all the world wild man was and birds they get us buy for a few days slaw to ring every mess Tiki can she go and pig on the planet would give us another month and put your ring every cloud by us in other two months. If we call the fish, shrimp, crab and crawl in the ocean, they would just in us for about six months. And if we could vacuum up all the terms and earth worm is in the entire world, they feed us for perhaps another six months. That said eating all of us animals plus all of our store food probably shouldn't b plan a, but I athletic they could provide enough cal a res to feed us for around the year and a half. And that make all sit up. Each person would get about. Have a tea spoon almost enough to sweet and a couple of to rights. So the promise of this video is admitted li super hyper TH xbut we did do a lot of proper¶¼may tse for the global food supply to get hands on with some fun math problems of your own check out brilliant this video sponsor¡£Brilliant is a problem solve ING website with mini quiz driven courses in math and science. They take on concept break them up in to bite size pieces, present clear thinking in each part and then build backup to an interesting conclusion to support minute earth and learn more about brilliant got a brilliant flash monitor. The first 200 people to sign up for a premium membership using that link will get 20% off their annual suspicion. Thanks brilliant. 