²»in the Oscar and a virus hot spot. Through dreams please scan the city. We can see if you come out of your homes they announced, in the allies of moon by slav's health workers are trying to go to each one room House screen ING people for symptoms. This city has the highest number of cold cases and death in India. But those on the front line say, the reality is far more Grimm than what statistics show. I spoke to the doctor at the moon by state run hospital. He didn't want to be identified fear in re prise a from the government. Yes, we are under testing on the reporting for the other day, six patients with the cure s pretty distress and they were brought in dead. We didn't even test them even though there was a very high suspicion that they might have had it not even the relatives were not test. One of the reasons why we not testing the sea station is there is a global shortage of the number of kids, so you want to use your kids very wise li. It's not just here in moon by doctors in different parts of the country have told me that people with under lying conditions are often not in numer ated ask of death. The other problem is in the testing rate among the lowest in the world, which means there is no clear picture yet of how bad it is here. A doctor from southern India describe what she has been seen. She to didn't want to be identified, from my own eyes, they're not testing people. They just not test in them. There are so many people are coming with the same times they are going to go out and straight to other people who don't know how many people are affected by it. We are not ready for it and there is no we can continue to night all the scare the person as a doctor. India is health ministry didn't respond to the BBC question. Things about official cope with numbers. The worst might still be some way off. But already nerve za fread resources are falling short. We have to wait the hours for patients to be admitted these para medic sind LE, for weeks in there has been locked down which is now said to go on until the 3rd of me. E parts of the country is being strictly enforce. Again has massive cost for the poor. Each day is hard for those left without jobs, money, food, shelter, AID is reaching some of them. But there are questions about how long it can be sustained. Yoga dell BBC news and buy. 