Nuclear waste. We've got a lot of it. It will stay dangerous for ten za views and we don't really know what to do with it. So why don't we just send it to space and crash into the sun? Well, first it's really dangerous to put nuclear waste on the Rock it since rocket sav at end and see to occasionally explode y launch ING making any nuclear waste failed explo ding Rock it into a really big dirty bomb. But the bigger reason is that it's actually really, really hard to get to the sun. It might seem like it should be easy since the sun is grav ity is always pull in us towards it, but we're all so or being really fast side ways around the sun. So that as we fall towards it, we miss it in order to crash into the sun, you have to slow down so that you're not going side way through the fast the earth and everything on it is moving around the sun at around thirty cle armas per second. So you have to acceler ate to a speed of thirty common as per second back wards away from the earth in order to stop moving around the sun and do a son dive and you have to slow down all the way with even a little bit of. Side way speed, you miss the sun and we have around not crush ING OK. So a speed of thirty cle armas per second is really fast, but just how fast from earth orbit you only need to be going eleven Columbia as per second faster than the earth in order to escape from the entire solar system, which means that it's much, much harder to crash into the sun then to escape it all together. Let me say that again, it takes less acceler asion to get to other stars than it does to get to our own sun crazy. But it's weird because the graph e from an object is stronger, the closer you are to it the small year, but is the faster your bitter speed. For example, mercury goes around the sun at a speed one and the half times faster than the earth. Wild blue Togo zone lia six this fast. And that means it's actually a harder to crash into the sun from mercury than from the earth, even though you're closer because you have to b door ta kle armas per second back words in stead of thirty and its way easier to crash into the sun from food o since you. We have to acceler ate to a speed of five cle armas per second back words. In fact, if you're trying to crash into the sun, just using rocket sits far more efficient to first go to the outer solar system where your speed is much lower than do a second burn to contract that slow orbital speed and allow you to fall directly into the sun. And that's precisely wire li mission tra ject is for NASA space craft to study the sun proposed going out to you put your first to make it easier to slow down and get to the sun ultimately they decided instead to use repeated fly buys of Venus to slow down the program save on rocket fuel getting to the sun. But how grav ity assistance work is the topic for another day, speaking of which how long would a day be on the sun? I'd like to think dot com for supporting this video audio is a leading provide of audio books with over 250000 works including fiction, non fiction and articles with so many books to choose from. I recommend you check out the para dox of choice by Barry Schwartz about how having more options is not always. Is better and how to mini mize, the struggle of making the million choices can front in you every day in your own life like which book to read next just to read the para dox of choice and you can do so for Free with the 330 day trial at dot com flash me and physics. 