One in us now is DR Anthony the country's Top infection ster's doctor and member of the White House CO ron a virus task force DR thank you for joining us. I want to ask you about that model that u present it at the White House because it says even with total dig Asian there will be at least 100000 death. Is there nothing we can do to prevent that number? You know, II think we can the one thing I want people to understand that as you collect real data, you can MOD ify the model, so although we need to anti sip 8 o, that there would be a hundred 200000 death. We don't necessarily have to accept that as a never to be. And I think the more we push to really very, very strict Lee at here to the guide lines of physical separation. I believe we can MOD ify that, but we can't just throw our hands up and say that's. Never to be going to happen. The head of the cDC estimate the 25% of code carrier are a symp to matic, should we be advise ING people to wear? Max. Great question. The primary people who need mask of the health care provide is who are putting themselves in homes way when they take care of someone with the highly disease. The other is the people who are in fect ID. And you want to have them in the hospital and not spreading it there. One thing you don't want to do is by recommended that people in the community generally wear mask is if it takes it away from the people who really need it. But in a perfect world, if you had an UN limited supply of mask switch, we don't, if those individuals could possibly be spreading infection and not even knowing it, a potential e good way of present ING that it's not. Hundred percent for sure we know from studies that mask sa not on percent but we don't want the perfect to be the enemy of the good in doing something that you could have an impact and prevent ING transmission with all due respect. It does seem like so much of this were making it up as we go along. Well, you know you make it up as it goes a long or because that's what you know that's what the war is all about. I mean I don't like to necessarily make that an AL ag to a war. But if you talk to the general's with the experience, you have a plan. But when that when the bullet start flying, everything becomes of fog and you got to play it by ear. We do have a good plan, we need to be humble, that we don't know all the answers and we don't know exactly how this is going to turn out the doctor thank you very much for your time and expert iis. So it was good to be with you or thank you. 