Tonight for the vice president job is denied AA salt bae a former senate staff who says it happened 27 years ago by speaking out for the first time on this and we should want you some of the details as a ledgegr aphic¡£Here is and re image MR vice president job I can deny ING the sexual assault alig Asian and interview with me on MSN BC. Would you please go on the record with the American people? Did you sexual assault error rate? Not true. Former senate staff at are read and other women had said a year ago by and made them uncomfortable with UN wanted but non sexual touching. But this March read for the first time public li a cuse bide and of holding her against a wall in a senate quarter and penny trading her with his fingers 27 years ago when he was a senator and she. If we worked on his staff, do you remember her? Do you remember any any types of complaint that she might have made? I don't remember any type of complaint is 27 years ago. When I'm aware of we told nbc news she told several people at the time about the ledge and sid and one told nbc news Reid describe a sexual assault, but she would not let us he was her name. A neighborhood said she told several years later did confirm that in a text to nbc. Read all so said she found a complaint with the senate 27 years ago a Legend sexual Harris but not sexual assault¡£No record has been found by him today writing the secretary of the senate to search for a complaint. By his resist ING calls to open his senate records at the university of del aware currently c ld on till he leaves public life. Look a record like this can only be one place it would. Bite and also reject ING criticism that his deny all of Asian contra dict his past statements that women climbing sexual assault like Christine glass if or should be believed. I will always up all that principle. But in the end in every case, the truth is what. The truth is. Stick ING up for him that I would just say to job and just go out and fight it tonight nbc news talk to William Jeffrey who let the team wedding by them to be Rock Obama is running mate. On click on any of the video is over here to watch the latest interview so high lights and digital exclusive thanks for watching. 