If you look I'm not a car to hearing democrat, but I never have been I voted for affair number republic of getting to get money to republicans. I am not a Bob was called me one time because they want me to finance is on the grass is not the question is first question of war you have a card carrying democrats and now I'm not what I mean I I don't think I don't think other side has an edge and you or anything of the sort. I mean I think that they have different views on things and I think that that by the time they get in politics, they start to take out their positions, although they move them in a period like this when they think it may help to be for their left, you see people that that sort of fund avenue, new vision of the sun, because they saw it work for burning. But no, II will vote for more democrats than I. In the last 30 years I voted for more democrats than I voted for it because I was president of the republican. In 1948 at the mercy of Pennsylvania, I ran for delicate to the republican national convention and 96. The only of us have never run for. When we were just out with with Charlie munger. He said he didn't think much of too many politicians, but he did like what my bloom burg did in the city of New York. What do you think about bloom berg isn't candidate, what do you think about our potential running as a 3rd party candidate? I want to answer your questions, but I feel the legal, I would it might will burn announced tomorrow that he was the candidate. I would say I'm poor and I think he would be I think it would be a very good president and I mean he and I disagree on some things, but I think that that he knows how to run things. I think it has got the right goals for America understand people they understand. He understand the market system on the under stand the the problems of people that don't get well into the markets and I. He I I would have no trouble. R being for my eye, r our jobs if u said u got a rather than in the parent and it be run as an independent. He I think he would take boats away from any democratic r number of people running. So I think it would be a a a real mistake for him to run at. II think the 3rd party candidates they're going to hurt one side of the other and they are more likely to hurt the side that they actually favor. Because there are closer to that view and so they they put more people a way that that would otherwise you no go to the second best with that you so I r. I hope no 3rd party candidate runs the Puls anything ever got of those. And they always be a couple of people of the wild. But I think the 3rd party candidates are r can actually the will of the people. 