Of course, it's been a while. How old is how old is baby and the baby is 3.5. Wow, yeah, baby baby, baby, baby. Are you in two are you in to patrol? I'm sorry to you are all those. Yeah, no, we are we are we are really really deep, deep deep. Yeah but it's like it's like total a crack is it I mean what is kind of a good us is that you should have in Sunday morning patrol is the best thing that ever existed in this year the worldµÄ¡£If you don't have the hang over, it's just so we don't we don't just have like because we we have to act it out as well. Because its the bath time thing we have bath toys paw patrol is in the bath its I mean it's everywhere but it's in the bar. And. You will only let me be rubber. And in the yes, we understand this, but trouble is rubbish. She was she has to be sky she has you know but she will only let me be real and then she tells me off about it. No, don't do that. No, he doesn't talk like that I like get paid for this. 00 know what? Oh yes, there is one. My view it's a very special one. Yes. I heard that maybe 1 I can play my teeth. Now how do you how do you come up with this? How do you know that you have this time there was a boy at school when I was about seven or eight and he went on a talent show and on TV so he was like the cool of person ever and he played his teeth. So everybody at my school was like that school. So everybody from that school I think can probably play their teeth I'm playing that you put it.  Believe my husband and I think you have I read some thing also about you that is said that you only watch your movie is once if that, yes. Y just because you don't want to watch yourself and your great need you I know yeah, I just it's weird its like here in your own voice is that you know I don't know and I only see the bad time I did I do that what you see this photo. Don't you go I was in love actually this is a great. I have to watch this movie do you know what the only thing that I really remember from doing a whole of love actually I was 17 and this this I got the biggest of my life, when we were eating this scene and this scene was like you know it's the important one is it because I am watching it so it was literally it was like another head growing out of the and I was only on the its a small part was a new for two weeks and like the chances of getting like this extra head and so they went in and they tried to cover and they try to light and there was nothing that could do for the House. Went on. Is that the reason why you were in the heart that was just a fashion choices anywhere else then. Good true. I love every time I want it now I think of you and I want to be of trust me I love it. Lets talk about the afternoon. What a great great film of cool choice of the film I would say because I haven't seen ive seen a war movies on something that but the deals with a different subjects yeah it does it of deals with the direct after month of world war two and kind of I think it ask the questions about how do you get over a cat, a stroke conflict like that and how do you re build yourself personally, but also how do nations we build himself. So it's kind of a story about that to it. It's a tragedy. It's also a love triangle, but its kind of think the story of reduction and hope.  