Nature exhibit ac ming ling endless a Ray of patterns from the cows spots to the surge in fish strikes to the cheetah spots and strike. But Alan turing the guy who invited computers inside theoretic a log on ism there are to substance called and active a to and inhibit the act of a to stimulate the production of both substance as well the bitter slope production down. In other words, it's kind of like a prayer to to pray relationship. The more active ate a bug is there are the more new money is they make that a bigger buddy population also means more food for the inhibit or fox is which means more fox is which leads to one is which leads to you a fox is accept the tour is rule say that as the population of credit and pray in. They're range is expand only the fox is need more room, so they're range expand faster than the strange soon. The fox is DOM leaving the body is in the middle to keep multi ply ING. So what we end up with is a pool of activity surrounded by a mode of in hit and wherever the act of a to is more and on than the habit of it trigger some kind of change like the production of pigment, which in this case give rise to a spot of color. The beauty of theory is that buyer just in the variable like the spreading rate of the act of a to on in bitter or the total area of the system, u can get all kinds of patterns. For example, if you start with slightly more active, a ter than inhibit a in a bunch of sports you might end up with a bunch of sports or at the system is just a narrow little strip like a snake or a tale you might end up with STH ripe's or if the act of a to spread the little faster it might leak out and join up with other patch is of escape activity creating a labyrinth pattern. But on the other hand, we have also come across some ANTA lizing litte ring like systems in developing mice, for example, a protein called Sonic hedge hog and have it's another activity protein with the less awesome name producing strike. The rich is on the roof of the embryo mouth. And in it's not be limited, three different protein active eight and inhibit tissue growth to generation. Strike liker, ages known as digit, but regardless of how perfectly rm perfectly tour in theory describe what we see in the real world, the cool thing about it maybe that it's PIA bi ologist to go looking for evidence of turing ideas in living creatures. So observation inspired a theory that inspired observation that are bringing us a little closer to understanding how the cheetah got its spots, and it strikes. This video is supported by double wear. You can find the largest selection of audio books available any where, including the Information in or some book by science writer James leake that exploit hao lumin ary is like Alan turing have helped to figure out what Information even is and how we can go about creating transmission and string it to download the Information or another audio book of your choice and show your support for minute got awww dot dot com slash minute. O and one more thing while we go, we put out of eight to find out about your personal experience. Is with the bear and we got tons of great respons check out the link in the description below for the results. 