Investigate as say they for STH else out of a of a deadly crash in California a driver using the electric car makers autopilot system died after crying in to a highway Barrie last month. The INT s we said yesterday that tesla released Information about the investigation before it was confirmed and that's a big no, no, they say. But in a statement to say it with drew from the panel adding we believe in tran spire rence. So an agreement that prevent public release of Information for over a year is UN acceptable. We experience the autopilot system that sa model three this week by we I mean me and CEO Elon Musk and we asked him about the safety concerns. You've got this. So you're not turning the car is turning. That's getting on you attention the autopilot system the function AIDS driving task like staying with in the lane, but it is not supposed to replace a human driver. We can't expect you say it's like what why did you do that because my my hands on the way. Well, what's the purpose of having autopilot if you have to put your hands on the wheel on, it's because the probability of an accident with the order that is just last less likely but not impossible federal investigate as are looking into the last month deadly crash in California involving a model x operating and autopilot mode. Was there a defect with the system of the system work as described, which is that it's a hands on system. It is not a self driving system. A week after the accident tesla noun said the driver had received several visual and one article hands on morning in the drive, and the driver's hand. Were not detect it on the wheel for six seconds prior to the collection release ING that Information to criticism from federal officials doing their own investigation. You do know that you take off the national transportation safety board bi releas ING the results before the investigation was completed. Why did you do that? Well, it's actually we have always released. The SP takes the take a long time to Complete the station of a year, says that look you can't wait for a year to release Information that's way too long, too long especially for a company under such intense public screw. But it's important that will never be perfect. I don't know that will never be perfect. No. I do think that long term it can reduce accident by factory. There are 10 few of facilities and tragedy and serious injuries. And that's a really huge different. I'm telling I got to get used to the auto pilot Elon musk is a very good driver, although he did cruise to a couple of stop signs, but he is a very very good driver. He said it's good, it's good girl, it's good. The price of the car is 35000 bare bones to fifty 50000 fully loaded. And I asked him, of course he drive the test. I said, did you get a discount? Nobody gets to discount on calling him. He pays full price, no family, no friends, and everybody has to pay full price for the car is not playing and it's just hard to get there. One point you had making me very nervous and he's very goes, no, I got this, it's all good. So I need a little more training with that now. That made me a little nervous and it's very it's a very very cool and very time the interview. Yes, thanks thank you are welcome. 