Hi, this is Emily from minute. Although the things we eat and drink are all sorts of colors, they all come out the other end looking at the brown or yellow and actually are digest of systems destroy pretty much all of the colors in our food turning what's left into a great lash mas. The pigment that show up in our open p come not from our food, but instead from our blood that's largely because our bodies produce and insane number of red blood cells, but the cells have no way of maintain ING or repair ING themselves. So they only last for a few months before becoming so stiff and in flex ible that there for STH to retire. If all the retire ING red blood cells went straight to the toilet and took all the oxygen carrying ion with them, our open p would be read, but our bodies would also quickly run out of iron for making new red blood cells and we die. Instead white blood cells and golf there read comrade on crack the moment to re claim the precious iron. Leaving the dis pose a lion rap as to the great in to a molecule called Billy Rubin the liver tries to clean bill e ribbon from the blood stream by sweep ING into the test on but unfortunately the in test and miss take it for food and push it right back into the blood stream. In other words, left to their own devices, our body scent Billy ribbon on an infinite loop and never actually get rid of it fortunately certain got back to ri a break the cycle by inter cept in Billy ribbon and doing it into a slightly different molecule called your village. Preparing it to finally leave the body by two possible roots in row number one your bill and first get treated just like Billy ribbon and put back into the blood stream. But from there it gets left up by the kid knees would recognize it is trash and process of ding li into a molecule that happens to be yellow before passing it along to the blood to which passes it along to the toilet or to wherever in road number to Micro s back in the test. It happen upon the european and and to it into a dark brown molecule that is all the way to the end of the colon mix ING with the great remains of our food to turn the final product, its familiar shade. In short roses are red, red blood cells are to bacteria turn them into the brown of our pu, except when our kid needs and up making them yellow, in which case always remember to let it flow. This episode of men at earth is port in part by tab for a cause a browser extension that don't need to charity each time you open a new tap without cost ING you anything just buy browse ING the web people like you have raised more than $300000 for charity through tab for a cause click the link in the video description to start to having for your cause today. 