Since most plants are ou did in place, they can't be produced by attract za orz to transport there tiny Paul and dreams from male Flower parts to female ones. One of nature of weir dust flowers, the sting cops Lili mix running meet to learn carry on flies from one plant to another the vibra yellow and blues of the flowers match up with the parts of the color spec trum wear aBS vision is most sensitive. And many be pointed plants offer convenient ultra Violet market landing pass ware the politics can rest whilst nag and Paul and because these are still a smell as these flowers all sports out at empty perfume to draw the men. Hum ING birds on the other hand have a lousy sense of smell, but in excellent memory for food source asso flowers that cater to them keep them coming back by turning out a steady supply of sweet nectar which they start in deep to BS to ensure a Paul and sleep with each visit. These flowers huge keep their next year safe from red blind beats who might otherwise steal the sugar. World without picking up the other flowers bloom at night bearing Bright white pills and potent smell the draw models and bat in the dark still others grow close to the ground and give off a yi si sent to Lauren road and politics and some plans for go animals entirely in stead making it easy for wind or water to spread the pond far and wide. Of course, many plants have multiple owners and most people tend to more than one kind of plant. But almost every plant is continuous lito maxim ize that spell on Asian potential. And as a result, therefore len because for plants the birds and the bee is really is all about the birds and the bees, and the Carrie and flies. Hey this is Kate for minute now they have watched this video considered taking a second to snap some photos of flowers whether there are outside or in vase on let us know who or what you think politics them. You can post your guess is on social media is in the hash tag Flower selection we'd love to see what you can find. Also did you know that we started adding more Information to our video description there you'll find your lated link, swe, love and definition of terms like hydro philic nectar guide and others that will help your knowledge boss, mmm. And is always thanks to our support is on a tree and who made this video possible. 