This episode is sponsor ld at a or b and under a black light and it light up like an ni on sign and there not the only organism that glow in this way. We found other in vertebra as well as fish and finns rep tiles and birds that do the same kind of thing. There is even a flying squirrel that glow XS ny on PIC all of these are apples of bio essence and this ancient common and some what mysterious street, things that for s don't just reflect late, they're actually creating new light of their own. When a Flower essence molecule is struck by the right part ical of light, it a BS it and because of that little bit of energy, it becomes excited for just a handful of nano seconds, then it was. Lax is and this is the important bit. It kicks out a new photo that has less energy than the original. So the light emit it has a longer wave length, and therefore is a new color. This isn't unique to one single chemical. Lots of chemical can do this. There even rocks and mineral that for us, but many of the 4 s and chemical we see and animals share a certain structure, several carbon rings combined together, take the famous green Flower s and protein or GF p, it goes takes to some rings in the center of the protein. And how these Pro t ns is a bit of a scientific head scratch a for us and protein can be found in animals that aren't closely related. And that suggests that they are rose independent li multiple times of phenomenon known as conversion to value. On the other hand, of many of them look very similar, perhaps a little too SIM ler to b separate evolution ary efforts. So some scientists think for s and protein rose really early on in one of the first animal and sisters, but if that's the case, it's. Not clear why it was later lost by so many linear is like our own some have suggested their presents might be explained by multiple events of hor riz on to gene transfer, a rare phenomenon where a gene jump from one organism to another wherever they came from these GF p's and other Pro t ns can explain how life less is. But it doesn't really explain why it's especially hard for us human to answer that question, because we don't see the world in all its colorful glory. We can't see ultra Violet wave length. So we don't realize which things stand out to other organism because their growing certain colors in stead of reflect ING uv, but with some help of black lights were starting to see this hidden e on world. And we're learning that all sorts of life is rave ready. In many cases, like those pink squirrel animals probably use for essence the way they would other kinds of colour Asian to camera flash themselves or to communicate. But because for rent is essentially converse light into different wave length, it can do much cool. A things shall o water. World, for instance, seem to use for s and Pro t ns as a kind of sun screen for their sym biotic algae, they absorb potential e harmful uv rays on a mid wave length that are less for STH deep water coral is also for us, they don't have to worry about you v damaged the problem is getting enough light in the first place. See it's harder for late to move through the water than air. So the further down you go you lose lower energy wave length like red zin yellow eventually everything starts to look kind of blue, but that blue light doesn't penetra tas deeply into the coral tissue. So for deeper coral XR, RS ING especially in trees of orange, yellow and red, can help in sure what little light is available reach is their partners and for other creatures that live down in those death. The ability to for us can add red and yellow ze back into their world. Some rie fish use these new colors to stand out while others basically shine them like a special flash light to reveal hidden pray. But perhaps the cool list fluor escence adaptation is back on. On land with those score pins, some researchers think there a glow helps them send moon light, so they can avoid Prada to like us. They can't see uv lay directly, but there for s and protein XR convert the uv raise from Bright moon light into a color. Their eyes are more in tune with letting them see how Bright there surrounding xa, lots of living things for us, but that doesn't mean it's always a useful adaptation. Basically all plants for s read when they're making food from sun light effect botan s can use to measure how productive they are, but the red glow doesn't necessarily do anything for the plants similar li. There are some places fluor escence is found in animals like in cre fish brains. Where were not yet you're how or if it's actually helpful its more than likely some of the brilliant ni on globe. Light up the world with the black light is simply a CO incident of the way some molecule Zora structure still Flower essing just seems to be something life does. And that might be true elsewhere in the universe to in a 2018 paper from the month notice of the royal Astro nom ical society. To scientists argue that the Flower essence of animals like quarrel could leave a distinct bio signature in the light, reflect it from a planet during auv flair and that means the knee on go of life could reveal whether it's out there somewhere else in the universe, which is kind of beautiful in case you haven't noticed a Strom and spend a lot of time examine a light from the universe. And if you want to understand why that is you might like the course on a strong to me from religion tot wordy ticks planes, the basic tool box of STR on a is used to investigate the COSMO, including looking at light. And that's just in the first of quiz, you can also dive deep into the life cycle of stars or how we look for a habit of world and a stronger me is one of the inter. Act of lessons and quiz and math and science brilliant offers you can check it and all the others out at brilliant dog sighs right now the first 200 people to sign up at that link will get 20% off on annual premium suspicion to brilliant and in addition to having a great time and learning about the universe, you will also be supporting show. So thank you. 