Tonight for president Trump, the coronavirus is hitting close to home. One of the president of personal val is a member of the us navy who nbc news is learned works in the west wing serving the president has meals among other duties. Has tested positive for the virus. Ive had very little contact person contact with this gentleman, know who he is good person, but i've had very little contact Mike has had very little contact with them. President trump's saying he and vice president's wear tested yesterday and today the results negative to the book that can be scared to a little bit strange but one of those things a person close to the White House says president trump was quote lava level mad at his staff when he learned the ballet tested positive. Saying he does not believe there doing all they can to protect him a source with the knowledge of the situation calling it and operation of failure saying everyone and closed similar to the president should be wearing a mask. And while the White House official says the valley is do not wear. Mask the president said otherwise the personal value was wearing a mask in your action with them they do they were a lot of people in the White House wear mask it comes as the trump administration is rejecting expand ID guide lines draft ID by the cdc offering detailed advice to states about how and when the we open public places like school church is and restaurants. Public health experts are going against shrink ING the cdc s roll cDC is always take on the lead. And to shut them a side in the biggest crisis in more than a hundred years. It's very dangerous, but the White House says it's asking for a vision to the guide lines calling them over the specific, saying guidance and world tense should not be the same Garden for urban New York city. Also to day in a surprise twist, the justice department moved to drop its case against Michael Flynn. Who served briefly as president trump's first national security advise a. And later play the guilty to line to the FBI about flint contact with Russia ambassador to the us the president fired Flynn for miss leading the vice president about his conversation with that ambassador. On the case was one of special council Robert muller first prosecution after a review of the floor in case ordered by attorney general William bar the justice department is now asking a federal judge to throw the conviction out. In a court file ING the government says Flynn statements were not material central to any investigation that the fbI was conducted the president had been considering a hard on for flint and tonight welcome. He is a great gentleman. He was target ID by the Obama administration. And he was target ID in order to try take down. President. But late tonight former FBI direct a random ak blast in the decision saying it has nothing to do with the facts or the la calling it pure politics designed to please the president. Nbc news fans thanks for checking out our YouTube channel sub scribe I click ING on that button down here on click on any of the video is over here to watch the latest interview so high lights and digital exclusive. Thanks for watching. 