On now, a message from one of the lead members of the White House coronavirus task force DR Anthony, good evening I'm DR Anthony. First, i'd like to thank all the older women in America who have sent me support inspireing and some times graphic Email we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies and they could have access c ns I think relatively soon relatively soon is an interesting phrase, relative to the entire history of the scenes going to come real fast. But if you had to tell a friend, i'll be over Ella tive Lee soon, and then showed up a year and a half later. Well, your friend may be relatively pissed off. We have done an incredible job. We're going to continue its going to disappear one day. It's like a miracle, it will disappear. A miracle would be great who doesn't love miracle but miracle shouldn't b plan a you can go to. To you can call the virus union court many different names I'm not sure, but even knows what it is. We know what it is and then I say that this in fact, injection. Now there is a rumor that the president is going to fire me. Let's see what he said about that today I walking I here I am going to her I'm not feeling I think it's a wonderful girl. So yeah. I'm getting fired. Go to the hospital. Because I might see my neighbor using both sides of my daily paper. Why try to kiss me I straight up the night is the NBA and I'm is rubbish neither. And do you know gai li food on the street and soul,  everyone Kathy and Susan and Helen from bar ns grocer east or as you know stay please like chicken, milk and bread have been flying off the shelf. That is why we wanted to hurt you to some items that despite the pan dem ich we still have an absolute a bun dance items like frozen Hawaii pizza, a little back of dry hard being larger California pasta. Wine from the jury. X mix box of principles, impossible lob ster, fluoride, banana. And of course, the sun, the water, wrong was it it's what I don't know I like it at and since there are some things we can always guarantee dedic Asian customer service and the avail ability of certain items that we will never not have. Like you crayon yogurt kept to peep soup. And the Sunny water now veget arian. So consider adding these new favorite to your shopping list. We want to give you what you want, but first we need to buy what we have from your friends at bar ns grocer e store. Nbc news view as thanks for checking out our YouTube channel sub scribe by click ING on that button down here. And click on any other video is over here to watch the latest interview high lights and digital exclusive. Thanks for watching. 