Hi, this is David for a minute. Throughout history of the biggest threat to humans has been physical Harvey the through injury or infection. So it's not surprising that our bodies have developed a bunch of internal systems that respond one hour external defense is have been reached. One of those systems as lead by a special enzyme called cox that lives into use throughout our bodies. When we get injured the nearby cox makes the chemical the trigger, the production of lots of extra ticket place, which rushed to stop the leading by cloud ING the wound. And when we get on infection, the nearby cox makes a different chemical that help style eight hour blood vessels so that a rush of fluid brings are tough immun cells to fight the true tears. But the world has changed not only our path and violence, no longer are biggest threat, but we also have other some times better ways to deal with them. Our cox enzyme's don't know that though, and in an erotic twist, we may be more likely to be hard by our class response to perceived threat than we are from the actual injuries and infection. It's supposed to protect us from. That's because in the modern world, cox is often trigger interaction UN necessary and the swing response can have disaster results, for example, compared to our. Modern human with our second life style and fat diet are far more likely to build up close to all the parts in our blood vessels, including the ones in our hearts on in our brains. If one of the gloves happens to break open box get confused and if it's the same stick in plate response that it does what you actually care of blood vessel except this time the result in cloud can stop blood flow all together. If this happens to the heart you get a heart attack and when this happens in the brain, the cloud can cause a stroke. But for certain parts of the population, like holder folks with more close to all the positive and make sense to delivery lower cost ability to react any thi. And it turns out that ass print, yep, that little pain pill in your bird actually ties up any costs that comes across this de crease ING your chances of getting a certain COS related problems taking aspirine regularly has some risks. By black ink ox wear more Pro to an internal bleed ING and stomach ulcer. But even so studies show that when people over 50 with high risk of heart problems regularly take low dose as print the on average have a do STH healthcare costs and longer life space. For modern human's, it seems one of the best ways to save lives is to stop our bodies from trying to save their own lives. This video was fond said by the university of mini, so to where students, faculty and staff across all fields of study are working to solve the grand challenges facing society, one of these challenges to advance health route, a large solutions, which includes improving our understanding of the risks and benefits of the cox enzyme DR Jeffrey of the department of surgery was part of the team that discovered a second form. Cox on change the story and doctor us a luck a leads the mini so to heart health program and it's ask about as print campaign thanks university of MR. 