Hi, this is Kate from me to earth. And before we start, I want to let you know that this video covers the ins and outs of high energy Taylor. So if that's not something you are keen to learn about, you can check out some of our other videos. But from the comments on our recent hind a video, we learned that a lot of people are really curious about what exactly is going on with high in at on it and they're not alone. Everyone from start to hem on way to a host of modern scientists has been interested in why exactly female started highÄØseem to have penisfemale year through the seven inch long flowers and their fully erect ile. But since they don't deliver sperm they aren't actually penis. Is there a long gated Claire simms. Spot ID hind us are the only hi in a species to sport these so called pseudo penis and while a few other female members have may like Jenny Taylor the spot it is the most men. What's essential ea penis meeting via pseudo penis is about as awkward as you might imagine in order to make sex possible, the female actually has to re tract her pseudo penis. So man hind can't force female to have sex. And speaking of which we got a lot of comments about female high in as for sing sex on mail, but there just isn't any evidence that this ever have. Then there is giving birth which involved for sing a for Pound of through an inch wide 23 inch long Birkin which is not easy. For first time mom somewhere around 60% of us get stuck in this got wet and suffer Kate before they even born and a dead club stuck in a mom pseudo penis can be failed for. Her to a mom pseudo penis actually has to rip for her to give birth successfully which leads behind a stretch it past that does make breath easier the next time. In our early or video, we talked about why it's stuck to be a man but there is also a lot the talks about being a female high. So why do they have such incredible really is finding of male suit as so critical that's pseudo penis is involved as protection down for female zadar minute enough to keep suit as and check without any help, or female hind trying to confuse others and did think in their male XR probably not even experienced humans can tell what pseudo and what's not and hind us have lots of other ways of distinguish ING female from mail so far, we just don't have a convince ING explanation for y nature has also give and female the shaft. There is now a life easy way for you to raise money for charity click on the link in the description and download. Web browser extension from town for a cause our sponsor for this video every time you open a new tap tap for a cause will make a tiny doan Asian on your behalf to a charity like action against hunger which is committed to helping my owner's children. If you are like me and get lost in a sea of browser tab every day there was Micro nations add up to boys have already read for hundred thousand dollars just by surfing the web. 