So my name is here, we are here at the USA science and engineering festival and I'm sitting down with Elon Musk to talk about science, engineering and the generations to come. Now, ill on your classic the train is an engineer, as a persist, is this is an order. What's better, a scientist and engineer every time and a lot of people that sort of unknown for the Discovery are really great interest is like la o for example OK OK very good. Hope our day. Really Maxwell or anyone of them. I mean, II think you know it is an interesting debate as to sort of just drive Discovery and physics or just physics to you know just drive discovered in engineering. I think it actually it's mostly engineering. And I think it's, for example, in in recent years, if you look at how far how much physics has. Low down because of the lack of really are engineering in the form of a lighter. So we just sitting around waiting for a bloody Klein. So i'd say if physics is really driving things we want the advance is being made. And and it's I think it's clearly the engineering of the leader is what i've the apartment. Now you with between paypal and more than just the things, of course, but you got paypal. Tesla in space x. All three of these things are huge Challenge is huge ways basically the change the way people think, what drive you to try to find these opportunities but not in a economic way, but these ways to kind of change the way human beings operate. II think it's good to grow the sailing to the scale of consciousness. And thus improve our understanding of the universe and and and the sword. And in fact you improve the sort of questions that we would ask you know. Of as a dog as Adam said in the dark side, the Galaxy of the real trick is the question about the answer. There's so much Information, but the need to of get over the myth of having the Information to doing something about it. Now not all of us are going to start space explanation companies in the vehicle companies. The scale changes. But what can people do? What what motivation that people need to harness to try to make change as opposed to just reading about change r. And that's not suppose to be an easy question. I don't know its this like that I think if if you study engineering and you figure out how to design new things, then it's relatively easy to start a company. You just need to get a few like mind of people with you and and in focus on creating a proto type the Complete proto type as soon as possible. And then that you know there's a strong venture. Capital industry in this country that will give you funding to take me to the next level and that that's all there is to it and you if you try to for you might may may not succeed but I think some of those people fear starting a company to much, you know if they really what the words I could go wrong, you not going to stop the death, you not going to die of exposure. What was the girl you know. So i've been speaking with Elon musk here at the USA science and engineering festival. Our next to you, you can learn more about what a long has done with space explanation and the commercial isation of space travel. 