Compared to the white water stream is that tumblr down mountain side, the me and a ring rivers of the planes may seem to aim and lazy, but mountain stream saka rod by the steep wall families, they are their courses are literally set in stone. Out on the open planes, the stone walls give way to soft soya allowing rivers to shift their banks and set their own ever changing courses to the sea courses that almost never run straight. At least not for long because all it takes to turn a straight stretch of river into a Ben. D 1 is a little disturb ance and a lot of time and in nature there's plenty of both, say for example, than a musk rat burrows herself a den in one bank of a stream, her tunnel make for a cozy home, but they also weak in the bank which eventually begins to come and slim pin to the stream. Water rush into the newly form follow sweep ING wei loose dirt and making the hallow eve and hollow a which lets the water little faster and sweep away a little more dirt and so on. And so. As more of the stream flow is divided into the deep and in hole on one bank and away from the other side of the channel, the flow their weekend and slow and slow moving water can't carry the sand size part to the bottom and build up to make the water there even lower and slower and then keeps AQ me lei ting until it becomes new land on the inside bank. Meanwhile, the fast moving water near the outside bank sweep out of the curve with enough mo mentum to carry it across the channel and slim it into the other side where it starts to car of another curve. And then another and then another and then another the wider the stream, the longer it takes the sling shot in current to reach the other side and the greater the down stream distance to the next curve. In fact, measurement of man doing STH ream is all over the world reveal striking regular pattern. The length of 1 s shaped man der tend to be about six times the width of the channel. So little tiny man doing stream tend to look just like. Manager version of their big a relative's, as long as nothing gets in the way of a river and ring its curve will continue to grow career and career until the loop around and bubble in to themselves. When that happens to reverse channel follows the straight path down Hill leaving behind a shape rem and called and ox bow lake or a bill a bomb our own language¶¼¡£We have lots of names for the sake since they can a car pretty much any wear liquid flow XR or used to which brings up and interesting question, what do the margin call them? This minute video is brought to you by you. And we'd be on at him, helping us out by going to patriot dot com flash minute. 