Have a hair look inside apple 30 years ago the company launched its ground breaking super bowl AD launch ING the MAC in tosh and revolution eyes and commercial during the big game and David Muir has the exclusive with the CEO of like showing up and having the CEO tell you I need to up grade my iPhone. For him Tim Cook get up every morning at 3:45 you get Email from customers every single day on you read them yes I do I do and and these this is a privilege. How many do you think you read a date aoI get probably seven or 800. And I read the majority of those every day, every day, every day I'm the work of all like which helps his team last but it's true and infection. I mean I knew the moment I saw the MAC in in a tea for that someday at work at apple we were working on something that was going to change the way that people interactive with computers secret key is part of the culture is part of the excitement of apple ii is it not it is you know you know we believe fundamental e that people love surprise is their stories of black grape so for products and development. True, yes, there is black drops in numerous locked doors and many other things and employees who can't even tell their families at home. But there were yes, yes, it's true. That's not to do with abc. So for the view, as we are saying David, you gonna go find out what the next thing is. Your bag is probably would have work to. Recently tweet ING we have begun manufacturing the MAC Pro in Austin if the most powerful MAC ever. But what we noticed was Austin Texas you are making computers here in America. We are how big of the deal is that to its a big deal, but we think we we we also announced that a huge investment in zona we haven't said what it is for is it the last announcement on it's sort of all i'll say about what is the glass come on, II cant tell you that for bigger iPhone XR I just cant tell you that either and I watch, for rain. Learning your first. I tried the night ride you know that star fire glasses special e glass it can be. To protect cameras and iPhone so many thing you could be used for something more and Robin to know the world news we're gonna ask him cook about the countries controver surveil ance program has been to the White House he talk to the president what he wants to reveal the American people Tim cook about the survey was I bet you really have something to say on the way. 