Noise. I remember thinking to myself, this is going to change everything about how we communicate. A hyper link is an interface element. And what I mean by that is when you're using software on your phone or your computer, there's a lot of code behind the interface that's giving all the instructions for the computer on how to manage it. But that in to face is the thing that humans in to act with them when we press on this then something happens. When the first came around, there were pretty simple and not particularly glamor ous designer xt a day have a huge range of options. The hyper link use is what's called the Mark up language. Html is a little string of code, and then you. What the address of where you want to send the person to actually remarkable, easy to learn how to do. And so the whole range of reference is to Information l swear on the internet is the domain of the hybrid. Back when I was in the school, this is before people had y dac cess to the internet. If I was going to do a research paper, I would have to physical walk to the library and if they had a book that you need a great you sometimes had to send out for it. And so the process could take weeks and its kind of crazy to think about that now. Because like all great innovation its not long after we get access to something that we start to take it for granted. Back in 1945, there was the sky, the verve bush. And he was working for the us government. And one of the idea that he put forth was, wow, humans are creating so much Information and we can't keep track of all the books that we have read or the connection between important ideas. And he had this idea called the men x. Where you could put together a personal library of all of the books on articles that you have access to and that idea of connecting sources captured people's imagination. Later in the 1960 XR ted Nelson launch is project to do and he said, what if it wasn't just limited of things that I have, what if I could connect ideas across a larger body of work. In 1982, researchers at the university of Ireland developed a system, they called hyper ties, they were the first to use text itself as a link marker. They figured out that this blue link on a grave background was going to work really well in terms of contrast and people we able to see it. Apple event ID hyper card in 1987 and you have these steps of cards and he could create link sin between the cards hyper card actually created the ability to jump around in a story. These kinds of nations of non linear story telling got a huge boost when the. Brilliant came along because it gives people the opportunity, the influence, the negative. These ideas and invention among others inspired Tim Bern as leave the inventor of the world wide web. A hyper link in most feels like a level block, this very basic building block ii, a very complex web of connection that exists all around the because of the way that hyper link were first construct ID they were intended to be not only used by many people that created by many people, to me it's one of the most democratic designs ever created. 