Tonight the out break is in slow ING fast enough in mainland which markets deadly is day Saturday bring the death toll new 800 we have dramatic lea flat and in the length and that curve and lower the numbers are. But unfortunately that mean that means we were also a little bit behind. And now there's numbers are coming up. Massachusetts remains in its surge with cases Top e more than 54000. Death note is watching 21 page is in the Boston globe reflect the growing number of victims in the battle against COVID-19 and out west at rubber ling trend and b cease d pat erson is in Los Angeles. 19 is now the leading cause of death in la county and communities of color are dis proportion affected. There's a toxic mix of under lying health conditions, a hi a percentage of social workers, and lower avail ability to testing testing desert are some of the state health department director said she wants to fix immediately by opening up doesn't a sex in holiday. At New York the governor issued and executive order expand ING the reach of COVID-19 testing giving all front line workers priority access setting a goal of 40000 daily test and a lock in 5004 mas is as testing location. We are going to author ize all the independent zon pharma cist to b collection sites for some of them have already bring it some of the large and national change, but if your local drug store can now become a collection site? No. We are waiting for that guy. Public health experts say New York is prove to be a strong leader bi laying out and aggress of strategy, but it's not enough. Re in for sing the need for and up testing and states make plans to re open right now you know we're doing about 1.52 million per week. We probably should get ght to twice that as we get into the next several weeks and I think we will, and Cathy some farmers in other States are now offering testing, right? Hate that is right some of these major change, like see the sand wal green sav testing for those who are l double a place is like an etic at Michigan and organ. Meanwhile here in New York the governor's office and they are so final izing some of the guide lines for these independent farmers and those guide lines should be issued on BBC news fans. Thanks for checking out. Are you tube channel and down here on click on any of the video is over here to watch the latest interview show high lights and digital exclusive. Thanks for watching. 