This is not a pine tree. Neither is this or this in fact, most of the images that pop up in a Google image search for pine trees aren't pine trees. Now it's not surprising that many people call all of these trees pie ns because they are related to pie ns but calling them pie ns is like calling this a dog and this a dog and this a dog. They are related to dog's, but there are not dog's so to set things straight scientific pie ns and the trees they get confused with differ needle and CO ns as well as their over all shape. True pine sav needle zon bunch of 23 or five and seeds that are released from scale down load hanging on the take two years to mature, which is what gives their skills those two distinct parts the first years growth and the second years growth. And most pine stone TAC have that star typical Christmas tree shape unless they're proved that way pie ns on their own have a regular round. It is like this. Or this or this as much as people want to call this a time. It isn't it is a cousin Bruce you can tell species from pie ns by their square Rish in divi jure needle held in a bottle brush and their kon skills that take only one year to grow and the fact that they looked like Christmas trees required. Here's another closely related pine in pass to the fir tree. Scale come off with the season. Jd rather than opening to let the seats fall out first also have flat needle coming off the branches in a flat a horse on to pat and than is and they also look like Christmas trees then there's the doug las for which also is defined, but it isn't for either. It's comes hang down not up have skills that open rather than fall off and have little extra skills that look like mao spots. Doug las first cousin is actually the large the only member of the family with leaves that fall off the the winter. The family goes on and on and with such. Diversity of features. It's no surprise that keeping them all straight can be a tall order. So just start with this a pine is on on decision regularly cannon street with two color scale on its download hanging Jones and needle zine branches of 23 or five. All these others aren't pine but they are members of the grand and tremendous House of pine a CA. Thanks for watching this video and thanks to all of our patriot supporters who make me as possible if you like to support us as well. You can go to a tree and dot com slash me to we really appreciate it. 