U start a partnership here and how did you raise moneyWellthey actually when I came backI had about 75000.0 yuan I thought that was all I would need to live the rest of my life。I could take care of everything。So I really tried to go to school I thought about going to the law school just think how successful you could have been as a lawyer that's true iii音regret it ever since you know。So when your first partner ship when you have people called to get the some money, how much money did you all together? Well we met one night in may early in may of 1956. And there were seven people their side for myself and they put in 105000.0 yuan I put in $a hundred. So we started with 105100.0 yuan I gave him a little piece of paper called the ground rules and but then you ended the partner ship. I thought what happened was that between day of 56. In January first to 62, I started to 10 more partner ships. I made a mistake. I had no secretary no account or think. So every time I buy a stock, I break it in to 11 tickets. I ride 11 xI kept the 11 sets of books, 511 tax returns and and I did it all myself and I took the delivery of all the box as I was worried that was other people's money. So I good on the bank and have these things to live a drop that finally I got y. And I January for 62, I put all 11 of the previous partner ships together in something called above it partner ship. I ran that to the end of 1969 at which time I deserve that you deserve that one, but then 1969, you start a new partner ship. Now in 1969 II mail by that time we had about $105 million in the partner ship, and about 70 million are all of that was in cash to be distributed. And the balance was in three stocks, mostly berk shire hath away that I distributed Pro retin body OK. And then you started by ING more stocks through the vehicle of berk shire hath away on stocks. And what would you say is the reason. For your ability to do this is that you studied the company's more than anybody else you stuck to your principles. You are smart and caught up with you didn't get caught up with fans. What would you say is the reason for the success? Well, the first to to quite a tent and we we bought businesses that we thought were decent businesses and sensible prices and we had good people to run, but we also bought market of security is in picture. Over time, the emphasis shift ID from marvel security is over to buying businesses. 