‡≈over the years i've heard a number different members of your team work for your kind of philosophy and foreign affairs as real ism. Is that is the to time you would use, you know, traditional e. A lot of American foreign policy has been divided into the real is cham pin, the ideal is Camp. And so if your an ideal is like what are well soon and you're out there with leek nations and imagine ING everybody holding hands on saying if you are really Stan n of your supporting details, who happened to be our friends and and and I just don't think that that It was important not because I was under any illusion that that would mean we wouldn't have any terrorist threat. It does mean no that by not having 180000 people in Iraq and afghani Stan and freeze up to be able to send a team to prevent a bola, double down on our investment cyn thi ber security to look at the new thread and opportunities that are out there that in no way of ocean to this idea that americans with drawing or you know there's not much we can do. It's just a really stick assessment of how the world works. So you you seem to resist the real estate. But when you talked about your goals in the Middle East, he seemed very concerned about disorder and you didn't mention anything like and rights and the countries you talked about partner ING with, its place is like a ship to where they came to power in the military coup. Saudi a rabia with public heading brain were doing the arab spring, you know they were eating. Kind of race down. I have a firm believe that particularly in this modern internet age the the capacity of the old style authority and government to sustain itself just is going to continue to we can. But in those conversation, zyme also going to knowledge that for a country that they has no experience in democracy or as no function, ING civil society or where the most organized actions are not religious sex that our progress is going to be happening and steps as opposed to in one big leap. The goal of any good foreign policy is having a vision and asked. Operations and I deals. But also recognize the world as it is, where is he, figure out how do u attack to the point where things are better than they were before. It doesn't mean perfect it does mean is better. 