Richard Feynman was incredible scientist. He spent most of his time to cal tech. The idea of physics for all the part of this ways. He came up with the thing called Feynman diagram that he won the Nobel prize for perhaps even more important. He was an amazing teacher. He did a series of lecture, which were for people who didn't special eyes and physics is such a great example of how he could explain things in a fun and interesting way to anyone and he's very funny into that way at the time of the problem of what drove the planet around the sun was answered insert, insert buy some people by saying that they were an Angel behind the eating their wings and pushing the planet of long around the order. And we'll see that that answer is not very far from the truth, you know. Only difference is that the angels sit in a different direction and where when is going on, start to find them used a Top process on himself where if he didn't really understand something he would push himself to understand the found ry case. Do I understand why? We don't do it this other way. Do I really understand this and because he had push himself to have such a deep understanding. His ability to take you through the path of the different possibility was incredible. Oxygen, for instance, in the would like to be next to carbon and if they get a new and they slept together, the first by hitting it up some how some way they come close enough to the but and snap in might hit some other s, so they can climb up and bump against other. And they others and you get a terrible contest for. Test fee is a fire, is taking something that is a little mysterious to most people and using very simple concept to explain how it works. He doesn't even tell you is talking about fire to the bear in and you feel like you're kind of figure ING it out together with him. Feynman made science so fascinating he remind us how much fun it is on everybody can have a pretty full understanding to such a joy ful example of you know how we all like to to learn and think about things. 