Hi, this is Kate for minute recently, a couple of us got our DNA test. It we learned a lots of stuff about ourselves from the analysis, but adding our genetic data to all the other personal Information currently living on the world service also made us one DIR. Is that day to safe. It turns out that the commercial genetic testing companies only Anna Lise point zero 2% of your DNA, which means that even if someone got a hold of your net data, they couldn't actually CLO new. However, that tiny sub set is a high light rail of the chance that very from one person to the next. So someone with access to it and the right knowledge and tools could not only real create most of your report, but also figure out rough li what your face looks like. And by compare certain section of your code with genetic data from people who have particip ated in open source projects, they could probably eve and figure out who some of your relatives are, and perhaps even triangle ate from there to put a name to your face is still according to the independent expert we talk to you. For this video, genetic testing companies take data security pretty seriously. So the likely Hood of a server is pretty low. However, ultimately you are unique string of genetic letters are only as secure as the string of letter you used to access the if you are like the eight percent of people who use the same username and password over and over again, hackers would just need to break into a less secure sight and steal your eyes to gain full access to your g net data that day to ku probably also be valuable on the regular market using DNA found of crime scenes. Law enforcement officials have already access genetic database is to search for suspect and their relatives advertise who are already buy list of people with certain medical conditions to serve target ads could use genetic Information to target people in even the waves employees who all ready scan perspective employees Facebook feed for signs of trouble may one day tried to take a peek at apple conce DNA to. And of course insurance companies could profit by design coverage to people with certain an illness linked jeans. The good news is that right now at least there are laws in some places that prohibit employees and health insurance companies from Jean based determination. And most genetic data companies explosive lip rama's not to hand over any personal genetic day to anyone except authorities with the court order. What's more if you ask them to testing companies will trash your sample and your data, whether you decide to get your DNA test it or not putting your personal Information out there will probably it never be totally risk Free. So the best thing you can do to keep your unique string of letters private is to make each of those other strength of letters and numbers and special characters unique to. This video was fond said a password manager that gener ates and store secure pass words for your accounts, it snow CO incident that a password manager is answering this video we actually reached out to dash lane when we realize just how important.  