Hi, this is Kate for minute. For every 10 medic ations used by humans, seven contained chemical compound that originally came from the natural world, mostly from bacteria fun guy and plants. That's because the zun a swimming organism arm ast as of chemical warfare, unlike more mobile creatures which can fly when there threatened plants and bacteria are more or less stuck. So they have of machinery that make special ised chemical weapons as defense against the both from Prada to zan DF rum each other the battle plays out everywhere on the Top of mountains. In exchange one group of fund, I create a compound the break down the cell walls of their bacteria memories. We humans have CO op tid all of these com pounds for our own use you probably take on the medicine known as pen, a silent to treat of bacteria lin faction and if you are more likely your pet has had a brush with Paris city quir miss you may have used a drug from the American family if you've gotten a serious gle in action doctor's probably treated you with an for to said, these CO op to drugs are some of the best pathogen fighting drugs and the market, which stands to reason nature is essentially doing drugs research and development all the time. And while nature is are indeed is simply a series of blind experiments that don't always end up successful enough of these experiments have happened all over the planet of a billion of years to result in an incredible range of a weapons. And pathogen fighting drugs derived from nature r just the beginning we have found pain killer's and p's and willow tree and excellent treatment in bacteria, anti cancer, medicine and pacific youth collector ral drugs in as my medicine for. The federal plants and many many others, what's more, there are so many organism out there that we haven't even identified much less put to farm a suitable use one tea spoon of soil can contain tens of thousands of species, most of which are unknown to science each pump ING out dozen of defense of com pounds that might one day end up in your chemical or similar. This video was answered by the university of mini so to where students, faculty and staff across all fields of study are working to solve the grand challenges facing society. University researchers are and fans and human health root alar solutions, which include identify Inno vate of therapy Dick to treat diseases. For example, professor Christine Solomon of the university's center for drug design search is in cave and minds for you ni qe Micro s who is defense of chemical we might be able to CO off for medic ations in the future. Thanks university of mini so to.  