What happens with people look at a map and they start looking at the data on Top of that man is there able to make or relations that the other wise would not have made craft the reading I'm Robert muller and for the last decade or so i've been working on the risk space in cities but also ways of cities are getting around them. Date of showing every single refugees that moved since the 1990, 90% of them are living in the under developed world. There is the sense in the west that some how there being flood or indicated by refugees. The fact is that when you look at the realization of this, you see that the vast majority of people are moving next next door to cities in the neighbor of countries that he lay on Top of this bad terrorism events as well as complicated violence. What you'll see is the vast majority of refugees are flying from Paris in the conflict and it's not bring it. What maps like this can do is help us Challenge. Some of the myths that are out there that are proper gated and repeated in some of our media lets rising on the coast and there are few cities are going to be more effective than me. My enemy is built on course lime stone effectively. So it around two degrees cell c rise. Global e me is under water tomorrow logo. The White House may be one of the first part of order to go. Many people still are related to believe that climate change is real, but as you grow out from I am a new look up and down the coast. You'll see the cities for south new or lea ns to North of Virginia are also going to be affected romantic because this part of the east coast to the United States is one of the most severely exposed to rising sea levels in the world. Is showing fire from space over three year with the bloom above and below the way to are really slash and burn agriculture. Basically the force is being cleared for life style, the other concentration of fire secret space r really about gas coal burning factory's. So for example of North cote, there is a cluster of gas was from the fucking industry, the general of more than 1 million cars on the road of year and that gives you said just the human lead changes to our climate. The light of mission map is essentially capture ING and Ian lite from space and areas that are red areas where we're seeing higher levels white and mission over time and blue is were actually seeing like this. And what we see is a remarkable in the most rapid, including parts of China, what's interesting also is where there is not like sola. Parts of Africa as well as the parts of even Eastern Europe you'll see her doctor and then you see is where in fact, there has been a lot of population growth and especially you can even in in parts of Japan UC errors are blue suggest ING in fact, cities are getting smaller and people are leaving. So these are at least the population is aging and you're not seeing the same level of energy consumption. Max allow for a kind of communication that I think it goes well above and beyond what wear able to can they have been struck by by just how quickly complex messages could be the sword and only act on through apps. 