5 g and Hayley steam on fate vaccine hear the latest dodge claims about Korea no virus that is spreading fast on line. Well, 5 g with the favorite target of security theory STH long before the new car owner virus appeared. And now the myths of just been tweet to bit. For the audience of doubt, scientists have told the BBC the both claims r absolute rubbish, 5 g radio waves and nowhere near strong enough to affect imm unity. The idea that the technology can translate the virus is biological impossible. Claim number to steam in hello and can cure a car and a virus. A social media post about a doctor who a Legend ary recover. From cover to 19 after in hale ING steam has been widely shared. Now people do in hale steam to deal with things like a block knows that there is no evidence that it works as a treatment for career and a virus. High temperature steam cleaning of surface is used to kill virus is in places like hospitals. But in the attempt to in hale industrial steam that heart would be incredible dangerous. Claim number three skin color can protect you from cover to 19. They have been persist and suggestions on social media about skin color on the resistance it might give you to fall in with code 19. They have been room is in Africa that people with black skin can't catch Karen a virus, but it just isn't true medical professional the moment that skin color makes no difference. And black people have been catching the virus and dying from it. Claim number for thanks. Seems to come back home with 9 t now already available. No, they aren't load of scientists are working on a vaccine, but it will take a long time to develop test and distributed one at the moment. There is no vaccine to prevent covered 19. In the World Health Organization says products climbing to be a vaccine often found on UN regulate ID web sites should be considered fake and they may pose a significant risk to public health. So be ware claims that off a quick fix is or mad is for her own a virus, many of them are probably too good to be true. And think twice before you share them. 