In the atlantic ocean, about a thousand miles west of Africa is no island, its a busy place of thousands of people live there. Millions of photos have been taken their and occasionally people tell a port in for just a moment or to before disappear ING to somewhere else or at least that's what it looks like to a computer. Because if you set sail for now i'll and you find nothing but deep blue ocean and the lonely weather boy or if you're American. There is one special thing you might notice it said exactly zero degrees longer and zero degrees Latin. And that's the key to my computer thinks this particular patch of ocean is a busy place. Any big data base, whether it's strong Information about people or photos or a cat, I need to know the difference between nothing like zero and nothing as in there is no data, its a mystery. That idea of no data is called no. So here we know that sounds has black for and MR Smith has brown for but we don't know about showing it no doesn't mean no color. Know for at all it literally means there is no data here we don't know what colour her first this isn't just a cat related problem if you just know where you are it might take a photo you take with that it you know and long as you know it might turn up the location is no no no problem so far but badly written apps can read that his coordinate 00 that mistake and nothing for nothing so they think that you are on no island at least until your phone works at where you really are more seriously in the 2012 us election many voters in this concert live in places that the sense of bureau didn't have coordinate for. So on u automatic system said they lived on no island which is definitely not in anyone's concert election district, if the mistake haven't been caught in time, they might have had problems vote. You can also get problems when he tried to put the actual world know in to a database, but you might try to do if you one of the 300000 plus people with no as your last name, it only takes a small program. Miss take no for no and suddenly the computer thinks you don't exist, or at least you can't register account the favorite Kitty little clean up service all this is a reminder that our world is complicated, and it's not always as you might think to map, I mess e reality in to a computer system. So the next time you see a photo tag way out in the atlantic ocean, you know what happened unless it really is a photo of that one lonely where the boy 1 which ever? Hey, this is Henry first, i'd like to say thanks to Tom Scott of the amazing YouTube channel Tom Scott for helping right and married this video and also thank to double dot com for supporting minute. Article is a leading provide a of audio books including fiction, non fiction and articles and their offering Free 30 day trial for our views at double dot com slash minute earth. I'd like to recommend the book predict rational by dan LE explore ns reliable make a rational decisions like how often willing to put way more effort to get something that's Free. Then the Free thing. Is actually worth particularly rational is available on the table and by using the Free Pro me at or double dot com slash me to you help support minute. And don't forget to check out Tom Scott speer lia n't other videos on his channel Tom Scott. 