First contact r always exciting, but they really go smooth Lee in star trek. The crew of the Enterprise continually encounter is new civilization that want to attack a similar tor worship it. And in reality, most first contact have been down right disaster when your opinion explorer came to the America they brought novel diseases, guns and colonial ism with them and ended up killing over 50 million native americans. Steam early in their culture and stealing their land. Today we are near ING the end of first contact on earth where den Strom ical rein force r home to the last hundred or so groups of ice a lated people. There are more areas where eisel ated group's lives are increasingly traffic byd run as exploit ID by log in and mining companies and invited by mission res tours and settle as, not only to these instructions result in violent and count as loss of land and resources and all to Asia ns to the culture and ways of life of ice. Groups, they also bring diseases likely to kill over half the members of those groups. In fact, these kinds of negative outcome have let many eisel ated people to resist for their engagement with the outside world. But unlike the crew of the Enterprise with their prime directed to avoid engage ING with alien civilization and less, they in Ishi a contact athletes have no consistent protocol for how to avoid or manage contact with lated groups. Some countries have given legal recognition to these groups right to be left alone and creating no tres pass reserved to protect them in their lands from in on those same governments have and actually provided the funds and support necessary to enforce their policy. What's more some governments have explosive Levi a lated their own laws by letting energy companies drill within the reserve. All of this makes resistance seem to tile. If we don't come up with some kind of plan, our history of disaster s first contact is bound to repeat itself with each of the remaining eisel ated groups. Left on our planet the pragma tic response would be there or to me in a less that way by sending cultural translator and doctors ahead of the drug traffic as long as an oil to ine she a contact in people and build long term relationship. Or we could hardly go where no one has gone before by bold¡Àstaying away all of us from the places eisel ated people's live until they decide to make first contact°£Hey, m only here as a long time fan of the next generation I thought about the ethics of the first contact before, but when I write our Alex brought us the script, it's sort of occurred to me for the first time that this question of whether or not to make contact with other civilization is relevant, and important in the real world today. It also seems like there is it really a great answer, which is why we love to hear what you think. Should our government try to make control contact with ice a lated people or should they insist? The sort of time directed here on earth let us know what you think in the comments on as always thanks for watching. 