Hi, this is Kate for minute. Close your eyes, no seriously, close your eyes and imagine of b. Now open your eyes. You probably imagine something with the yellow and black strikes liker honey, but believe it or not most bea tz aren't yellow and black strict. And what's even more confused is that there are lots of straw bees that are not actually be therefore eyes and even more that they look so much like our idea of a be that we're constantly getting old. But we are not actually the ones they are out to be devil many in sex that can defend themselves have Bright patterns that teach Prada to keep their distance. Say to hi pathy cle staying species have different warning colour ations a Prada to must sample lots of individuals of each before learning that both patterns yield unhappy news. Yet if the two species look similar far fewer of each kind will get up before the ready to learned to avoid that pattern. So sting species like peas and wash off. And upon a single appearance one spread a to learn that yellow and black strike to pray isn't worth the risk t to creep into the system. Nye the flies norm OS have sting as for the fence, but simply looking like an insect that does provides pretty much the same protection. So is that in sec to be or not to be if it just star new it's ab or along with STH in as both have short elbow shaped and me and four wings, all those can be hard to see. These are the super hairy one's while we are mostly ball. On the non stick in side, if it is two wings and looks like it's wearing a giant Google's it's a fly. If it has long fairy and tender, it's probably a morph. If you can get beyond of the fear of getting strong and begin to appreciate their differences, you may find the beauty is in the eye of the be holder or the not to be holder. Like peas, we humans are all so hair and for those who want to keep their hair and check there's dollar shave. Our sponsor for a limited time new members get a month of the executive razor with the two of doctor car for safe but for only $5 with the Free shipping a dollar shave club dot com slash minute. After that races are just a few books of month with no hidden fees or commitment my husband and I both tried it and they really work awesome races deliver the right to our door for a great price to get your first box go to dollar shave club dot com slash minute or click the link in the description below dollar shave club the smart choice. 