What do you think is the main in accuracy of the main line that is being told that you feel like you can correct that the president didn't know what was going on. President trump know exactly what was going on. He was aware of all my movements and I wouldn't do anything without the concert the Julie and the president. I have no intend to have no reason to speak to any of these officials. I mean there they have no reason to speak to me, why would president of keys in a circle or the minister of alcohol for all these people or president of meat with me who am I, they were told to me with me and that's the secret that they're trying to keep I was on the ground doing their work in terms of the president what he has said about you. He said about you and miss to from any girl from and I don't know those gentlemen I don't know about them. I don't know what they do you are saying that was not a true statement from the president he like. I mean we are not friends. I mean when you say friends I mean and didn't watch football games together with in heat hot dog's but he know exactly who we were. He knew exactly who I was especially because I in to act with them a lot of events I said a lot of one on one conversation with the gathering what would they would have special like these round table where there are the only six people at table we had several of those. And basically I mean I was with the more than I mean for five days out of the week I mean and I was an content consequence tact with them. So, and I was with you the one he would speak to the president of plenty of times I mean so it's just blue Kris do you have been with MR Julia when he was Julian when he was on the phone with the present absolutely and how would you know that he was on the phone with the present with me on speaker phone or you want to several times it would be on speaker for he would like start the conversation and speaker phone and then take it off and then go some more side with you know to talk to him. But a lot of times. Will be on the golf course when we would go together a special I remember doing the color of times where I remember said something that he didn't appreciate that was taken out of context and he was swimming at him so loud. That's when I watched the peach ment and I saw the testimony about the Solomon that I could understand that you could hear the president trump talking next to like I heard him several times when he was through the because he speak loudly and a very lovely, when you say that the president knew about your movements and know what you are doing, to basically try to her job is political career. And he was he was about that was about your pardon to buy and also really had a personal thing with the man of stuff of the black letter and there was another thing that they were looking until but. It was never about the corrupt that was never was strictly about which included in to buy an Angel by. There are crazy for MSNbc. Thanks for watching MSNbc on YouTube at you want to keep up to date with the videos of putting out you can click sub scribe just below me or click over on this list to see lots of other are great videos. 