The next night, the international mystery North Korea and leader Kim jong UN has not been seen in two weeks at the same time special Asian grows over his health. Here is abc sina a foreign correspondent panel with what we know, tonight where is North Korea leader Kim jong UN room as and special Asian about his health spreading here is what we know it was last seen in public April 11th when he attended a meeting according to state media. However, just four days later April 15 and Kim absence from key celebrate marking the birth of his grandfather North Korea is found a Kim il sung so is now over two weeks since he's been seen in public. But its not the first time it's happened he was absence from public view for six weeks in 2014 we appear ING with a KM it was explained uncle surgery over weight regular smoke some now feel this time could be different. Western Intelligence in North Korea is so bad that we have no way to verify. Or to deny the's room as. But we have no idea we can only wait until the North Korea's themselves tell us where the Kim is alive or dead. Now the think tank 38 North has released these images of what they say appears to be Kim train at his compound since at least April 21st. It's UN clear what that means for kids health. The given the crown of Iris pan dem ich the rage and could simply being caught although ong yang hasn't admit it has any case as people in the capital have been seen wearing mask and weeks ago officials around him during a miss I launch were also wearing them. President trump poor and cold water on the spec ular in last week. I just have to say to Kim jong UN I wish him very you know good luck, good luck now a South Korea and officials telling ABC news they believe the North supreme leader is resign outside of yong yang with AIDS in the normal state, the special advised to the South Korea president also in. John is alive and well. So the state news paper issue in a statement saying that had been thinking work is but there were no dates and no photos, nothing until Kim appears again in public and outs about his health and the well being in the nation of going to persist. Tom we will monitor and development from that region or tea and thank you. Hi, everyone's stuff and here thanks for checking on the ABC news YouTube channel if you like to get more video show high lights and watch live of coverage click on the right over here to sub scribe to our channel and don't forget the download the ABC news that for breaking news alert. Thanks for watching. 