This video is bon said by skill share hi, this is Emily from minute. In Australia and the us when it's Bright and Sunny outside and then it suddenly starts rain ING people call it a sun shower which kind of make sense but in England and Japan people call that same thing of fox is wedding. And in India it's called a Jack LE's wedding in Syria and love it and it's a rat's wedding in Iran and armenia, its a wolf's wedding you get the idea the expression is super com and even if no one today I remember is exactly what simul tan eous rain and shine have to do with the natural rights of animals. Make your question is why animals play such elephant team role in our expression is in general and behavior that monkey is are silly and apples are wise except those are just saying in English speaking countries in China monkey's are considered Google and in India. A different version of this expression exist in many colors in Spain is don't give honey to don keys in India. It don't give to monkey's and in Japan it don't give coin to cats. Humans in general, seem to agree that you shouldn't give a good thing to someone who won't appreciate it, but the animal we use that expression depends on which culture we come from and this is true for all sorts of expression. An American might say don't count your chicken before they had to warn someone not to get ahead of themselves, but a French purse and might in stead say don't sell the bear skin before it's been killed. And while and English person might say that you can put lip stick on a pig but it still a pig a Spanish speaking person might say that a monkey and silk is still a monkey and while someone from the us might say that a cookie person has bad in the Bell for. A French person might say they have spider zan the ceiling. But even if we don't all use specific animals the same way in all our language is human's around the world love our animal expression. If you don't, you might be a black sheep. Or as the Russia ns, but say a white crow. Do you want to learn how to do what we do at me to check out skill share its an online learning community with thousands of class is an animal video editing writing and more for less than ten dollars a month a premium membership gives you UN limited access to high quality class is on must no topic so you can improve your skills and do the work you love world for non science writer Susan or lean teachers of skill share class about how to choose a great story topic how to put that story together and how to realize it into a can tell in their ative. The first and people to sign up at school flash minutes for or to click on the link below well received a Free two months trial was skill share. Skill share. 