Chris brown riding high brand new CD out fame its out today already has three number one hits the 4th one climb of the arts and the album is number one on iTunes to day. It's a far cry from the last time the two of us at down just month after he played guilty, to fell the assault, he took responsibility for heating a girlfriend and has spent the last two years of building his life and career of my hair is growing a great deal since the last time I saw you too. Chris brown, how are you I'm pretty good, everything is good. And thank you for sitting down for just a moment for its all about the music. Your fans are here but you have been very about good about talking with me a little bit about this because we we have gone through it and talked about it when I went to your home. What's going on now is that recently the training order against you that we had had issue has been relax, have you, you can go to the events and be in the same same room. Have you all seen each other been around each other. I mean. I mean not really I mean. It's not really a big deal to me now as far as the situation and I think I'm pass that in my life and I think today is that they so that's what I focus on everybody go get that out. And that is something that we are here to talk about the think you very much thank you are willing to do that fame. Fa me what is that stand for forgive and on my enemies and definitely fans of my everything and I have meaning like you know, being able to go through everything I went through on and show my friends and I love you know that's what it is in the fans of my everything when you say forget your enemies who do you consider your enemies just any body and I say to whatever the case may be, I just think you no being positive and promote that is what I'm about you and that's all money. But you can understand how some people you know what what there was very serious, what you what you went through and what happened, what and even the judge the after words said that you had serve your time as far as the community service in that and move it on. But have you been able to how have you been able to someone is you know I think this this album is what you know I want people to hear and more people. But I really get into so definitely this album is what I want to talk about and the best of the half of two years ago. Understand that and thank you for allowing me to get to go back that way because there have been a lot of people that are treating about it, but you do see the people that are out here and it is about your music and they have stood by you through through thick and thin. So what is it about the music for you that helps you. You know it is it was me to you no escape and be able to reach my fans because I think think what you gotta make America and you come to different place in the world people always want to u no bring what what the situation we bring up now and I think a eventually is just about my friends, you know it's not about that like I'm doing it for my friend so I could care less what anyone else thinks. 