My hobby can zona is bigger than the state of marriage and buy territory so far as had fewer than 150 of cases. Now the share of says he will not enforce governorµÄduties¡£Dra CO ni and stay at home or FD ugg shoes to join us to share thanks so much for coming on. So you you will not in force this why? First of all, talking to thank you for having me, r, clear this is not the you know I never the criminal is for going to make a living supporting the family. We look at this through the constitution, which is very clear. It's obvious to me that we have a lot of a reach which is very damaging and according to the constitution last time I checked you know the the law, the land in all. For a lot of the constitution, a lit must fairly apply to all of our cities and zi guo li and that's not the case out here on. So having said that I made the statement that I am not going to make criminals out of people who are trying to make a living and I stand behind that statement. So does does she believe your government believe that he is the right to super seed the constitution? Is he explain this to you? I haven't personally spoken with governor deals is best the executive order into to law and were literally making and make a living on that something that I am not going to stand for. Why should rules that apply to America county which is the most popular t account and applied in the county which is obviously not. Well that's that's the question that has been asked repeated li every area is. Different based on a graph ical base is my hobby county is a very real county. We are very wide spread and a lot of our county board as up to California utah in the vada. We can send you to continue to see a large in flux of people coming in join the sum of the activities that his own it has to offer specifically Marty county and yet we are telling our local XR to stay on lock down on that if they leave their houses or if they are you know there go to work. There could be criminal reaper cush on and the concern I have daughter is very clear. In my hometown in lake of city, many businesses are open. While others are being told they can't even if they choose, even if they liked to operate their private business. Hearing to all the safety guide lines that are in place, no one is trying to down play cold the cold virus. We want everyone to be stay, but I think the American public is smart enough to make their own choices and decisions, at this point. Well, they are Free citizens in a Free country. Special zone, a great place. A man of great to see you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you very much. 