U personally have probably take on what many have called one of the most difficult things they were to do, which is just step into the shoes of somebody like Steve Jobs that I know you been asked this question probably a billion times before. So please stay with me if I'm asking it again. R. Do they have a, don't you? At that point, you know, when when that all happened, I was more thinking about the loss of a great friend, and also thinking about how I could quickly help apple through that through the loss of of Steve and so II never stopped to think about this is daun ting is just not how my mind works iii I'm the very optim estate guy and so I always think there's a solution for everything. It's just a matter of whether you're trying hard enough thing. Thing about it deeply enough and and so that's the kind of spirit the time that I brought into it and Steve did me an incredible r in an incredible thing in terms of lifting a bird and when he told me to never think about what he would do to just do what was right and I think that really helped me I'm meant to live through it. He said do what what do you think is correct, but what I thought was right, don't don't ever think about what I would do. Because he saw that happening at disney. When the walt disney passed away and felt like it result it in a kind of palace is where people would sit around and argue about what would have done instead of thinking about where they should go in the future. And and so I have on ard that and and never done it this day will mention in here to you because of we do feel as that emotional connected with here for a long long time. And the one book about for you get that used to carry with him on his iPad everywhere that you come here. So he did he he told me that in his early days he went to India for inspiration and when he was looking for a sense of purpose and it really helped him and helped him through his whole life and one time he told me he wanted to show me one of his favorite movies and it was the grand d movie. And so I think that lived with him that a fin ity lived with him for a lifetime. 