Noise. The history of civilization in some ways is the history of maps, how have we come to understand the world around us, but one of the most famous maps works because it really isn't a map at all. The one that under ground came together in 19 oh 818 different independent rail ways to create a single system they needed a map to represent that systems of people would know where to that they made is complicated u can see rivers, bodies of water trees and pass the stations were all come together in the center of the map and then on the prayer for there was something could even fit on the map. So the map is a graphic accurate, but maybe not so useful. Enter Harry. Back Harry Beck was a 29 year old engineering draft man who have been working on and off for the one that on the ground and he had a key in sight and that was that people riding underground in train don't really care what is happening above ground they just want to get from station to station where do I get on. It's the system that is important not the geography. He's taking this complicated and miss piggy and he simply find it. The line is only go in three directions, the horse on there for ticket or there are 45 degrees like wise he space the station is equally. He's made every station color correspond with the color of the line. And he fixed it also that it's not really a map any more. What it is is a diagram just like circuit ry, except the secretary here is in the wires conduct an electron is to BS containing train. In 1933, the underground decided at last to give Harry Beck. Map a try the underground the test run of a thousand of these maps pocket size they were gone in one hour they realize they were on to something they printed 750000 more. And this is the map that you see today best design really became the temple of for the way we think of metro maps today Tokyo Paris for lin sao Paulo Sydney Washington DC. All of them convert complex geography and do Kris g armor tree, all of them use different colors to distinguish between the lines. All of them use simple, simple as that the things we mean types of stations. They all are part of a universal language seem ingly ive been Harry Beck one of now what a user interface was. But that's really what he designed and he really took that Challenge and broke down to three principles that I think can be applied in early and design problem. First one is focus focus on who you are doing this for the second principle of simplicity, what's the shore tist way to the liver that need finally. The last thing is thinking and a cross discipline ary way who would have thought that in the electrical engineer will be the person to hold the key to the lock, or what was then one of the most complicated systems in the world. All started by one guy with the pencil and an idea. 