²»food is design it is designed when you compos play it, but it is amazing even better and most delightful design when it's about the unit pass that comes from Latin and it means pay STH its about putting together water and some powder, so that you can actually shape it. Our culture in the world that use rice powder others you soy powder in Italy we tend to use the room which class existed for centuries, but it really blast him during the innocence and its only leh. You think of how you want to perform. So think about the same for pass to do you want to be ripped or you want to be smooth, the right ones absorb the source better do you want to be round, square they have a different feel on the pilot. Everything is for a reason in the amazing text on me of the past of species, there are many different ways to divide it, but one of the basic division is between fresh pasta and drive faster. Dry pasta is always two room with Flower and water fresh pasta could be either that or could be Flower and eggs. Just think of having a dol that you can shape in any way you want. I mean really wouldn't you go crazy so fresh and dry and then there is also long and short and then with in those families there is even more diversity. Lets talk about some really classical types of short pass to pin it will know them, right? They are cut. Island angle perfect to pick up some of the source for the following is butter flies or how do you call it here both eyes because they are like pinch tin the middle, or what that means little years and the typical from Korea and they are delicious and can keep your shell, of course they look like they are rich so they screw up the source on the outside and they are moved on the inside. Past I is definitely gorgeous, but the form also is about how it touch is the pilot House touch is the tongue, so it's never just about giving it a shape. When you hone one object across centuries, standards become really, really high, many so called great design as failed miserable because they tried to impos a shape on to pass to the great Philip stark tried man dala some parts of it, the walls were very thick and the others were thin as so when you would follow the past of some of it would be completely motion. Part of this to crunch and cooked so really wrong but they were not women from below knew they were not shared from neighbors. They were not centuries of 