To us human's aging seems in probably because no human has ever not a jd but getting older isn't as universal effect of life as we might think take the naked mole rat on like their lesson a kid brother and they don't appear to after reaching adult Hood years passed, but the rats don't get weaker moss acceptable to disease or really at least not any more and they keep on making his many babies as ever surprising me they aren't any more likely to die in old age than when their young adults as if they found the fountain of youth the perhaps not the fountain of beauty and make it mall rats are not alone in not aging Rock fish lob ster's and Krystal pine also seemed to stay forever young or at least for ever middle aged. We're not exactly how the species do it, but the anti aging secret may have to do with their ability to re build the DNA cap on their chrome zone. These cats called t LE me as are one line of defense against aging in many species. That's because cells need to divide to replace old or this function of cells. But each time they replica Kate they lose a little bit of DNA from the end of you. Chrome zone normally that doesn't matter since the lost its come from the year end cap that don't in code in port Information. But after many applications that has get to him so short that the cells cant afford to lose any more DNA and they stop replica. Age defy ING species like naked mole rats, however, pump out high levels of at LE me re building enzyme that n able them to keep on replace ING old and this function of cells in definitely a few kinds of human cells make this enzyme, but the vast majority don't. And even if we could track the rest in to producing it, then we have another problem. More repetition means more chance for music Asia ns that could turn to sell cancer is naked mole rats don't care because they seem to be a moon dessert and li aren't however as amazing is naked mole rats are they can only pause there a jing the tiny jelly fish to Top of the dawn I can in reverse like butter flies to Top six more through multiple stage during their life cycle, but unlike butter flies if to Top sketchup. Improve their like real life Phoenix is howeverif humans could somehow imitate to a Top頁his tricit might not give us the kind of eternal youth we'd be looking for。For one thingmel ting in two in the office blogwhere our selves r organized and re program with new functions would not only be a messit would likely to turn our brain cells in to skin or muscle cells and vice versa erase ING our memories and our sense of self。And no matter what eternal youth wouldn't make us invisible。In factthe longer a creature livesthe more time it has to get up star force must to eventually every naked mole rat pine tree and jelly fish will ultimately meet its end because it's possible to be moved to but not to death。We'd like to thank focus features for sponsor ING this video and for invite ING us to PRE screen there some are 2015 film self with its aI flip that is memory consciousness and mort ality and watching it may just it is that already exist here on earth a big thanks to focus features for supporting minute.  