The study by liverpool university, an imperial college London looked at 16749 people admitted to hospital in the UK. Some of these patients are still being treated for Kevin. 19 part of those with out comes 60% word discharge and suddenly 40% died being male older and having some existing medical conditions, increases of Patience risk of dying. And just over half of the COVID-19 patients studied here had a prexisting condition. Those were dimensional have the greatest increased risk of death, 39% above average, but is also a key indicate a with the chances of dying increasing by 37%. Although the range around that number is still quite wide and commission say this link between abc and the risk of death from COVID-19. Is no CO instance access body fat seems to drive, not just underlying health conditions that COVID-19 seems to exploit, but access body for also increases chronic Information in the body. So my ld chronic damage to the body of the number of years. And what happens with COVID-19 is that people that tragedy die from it, died because of an age of 80 dum u response that attacks along some thing called ARds or a cute respect to discuss in Rome with ultimately causes death in a traffic minority of people. So let's look at how the levels of a beast in the UK compared to other countries around the world, many of which have been had hard. Bye, 19, the number of cover to 19 death in the UK is among the highest in Europe and more than a quarter of adults, some 28% our class as obese. In the us that figure is more than a 3rd of 36% bus in countries with a. Low a number of death. Like South Korea in Japan less than 5% of adults are ob. One thing that is concerned scientists and research is is the number of people from certain ethnic groups dine with code 19. We don't know why for certain, but it could be linked to a number of factors, including obi city. A recent active life survey published by the office for national statistics and 72% of the black African and carry on community in the UK are over weight or a piece. The highest proportion of any ethnic group. We are learning more about this novel virus every day, how and who had a tax and the more Information we have about those most at risk. More lives will be able to save. 