It was a great night at the annual sports in the straight at sports person of the year awards Lebron James with another on a celebrating his commitment to his team is home town I talked to king James about his extraordinary year. This is your 26th, 26 si cover for STH one. The chosen. And even in that original article you talked about how you had a picture of yourself at a fake si cover of your TV and now here you are to time sports person of the year 26 covers do you reflect on the journey? I haven't yet. I haven't yet. Because I'm still walk in the yellow brick road. Any time that I here like you said is my 26 colors of sports of the street is like I never dream about that I was like just give me one please when I was a kid made my own up is is just too humble. Ladies and gentlemen please write the sports person at a king James Lebron James present with the Top honor at last night sports person of the year event posted by sports illustrator. This is it about me. This is much bigger than me. What does this honor mean to you and the first time humble, an honor to be the recipe of this award. Once again it means more for you know my family and my friends and my fans and my kids that I represent my foundation, I'm more happy of the fact that I'm receiving this on behalf of them. Among the high lights of the night, the mom and olly legacy award going to build russel and attend the Jim brown and cream Abdul jabbar the icon yes but also known for their for the active «sports is going to be something I wanted to do°£I started to read about the history of sport guys who you know not only was phenomenon in their respect to sport. But also what did they do outside of for that made them so transcend was as good as they were in those times. Definitely nothing was was handed to him and everything was on a plane is a city of champion once again as the Broad and takes time to appreciate it hard to earn miles stones of 2016. He is also looking forward to a different title executive produce of the new game show the wall there is no better feeling than when I have been saying this Pro about the wall I'm so excited about this game I can tell I can't you OK. Here in high school first cover of s eye on now 26 later second time sports person of the great Junior in high school the chosen as so much for that sI cover, yeah. U call him the king. 