Now and miller band takes on that business brief had been special Asian he might come back I that of that shadow of chance to that has been taken as we know yesterday by Anna Lisa dogs. Now the new appointment solve these David lam eI come back for him shadow justice secretary John he moved to share defense secretary. Defense healy that takes you back doesn't it long time ago AD mini van Emily Thorne removed from shadows foreign secretary to international trade Jonathan Reynolds work in pen and Jonathan Schwartz days that health Rebecca long bay Lee a leadership candidate. She gets Angela rain is old job of shadow education secretary. I wonder if Angela rain had some influence their job Steve and did. U to culture, media sport bridge it phillips and new chief secretary to the treasury Luke Pola step up and environment food and rural affairs Steve read communities and local government. Thank him deb on air housing Jim mom transport print girl international development Louise hay temporary, northern island, the reason for that Tony loyd the shadow and Northern Ireland secretary and pay for sale 70 years old. Has been a hospital ised labor says in man Chester all in for me with the car owner virus during this period Louise hay has been appointed him shadow and Northern Ireland secretary Ian Murray a des petit leadership candidate shadow Scotland secretary near griff ith shadow world secretary Marsha the court of a women in the qualities and the Mcdonald Kobe nice to move from transport to employment rights and protection present to AL and calm and another pretty lady. Ship candidate to our in the final round KM second to Angela ren a shadow minister of a mental health which I believe is a new post cat Smith young people and votes engagement. Lord of the state's very nice day so that that that the new apartment now on the purge, these are the people who have left most if they're not all in our lives Tracy brave and out Richard burger Kobe nice to outdoor but the out down card and out. Shame check robot e out p today gone Barry Garden and Margaret green wood Andrew and Bob are killing in library Rachel Moscow Christina and John trick it all gone. Labor say this is a gender balance, shadow cabinet, 17 women, 15 men, 7 bame members. 