While there are new questions over the health of North Korea and leader Kim jong UN reports from the writers news agency say medical experts have been sent from China to advise on kids health. Earlier this week, media in South Korea reported that he was recovery after a cardio vascular procedure. The leader hasn't been seen in public North Korea is Challenge ING suggestions. Their leader is greatly il. And joining me for more on this story is our correspondent in Seoul Frank Smith, Frank hire according to this report China has sent medical experts to say the North Korea and later, why is that significance? Well, that significant because of what we know about ur Kim jong UN healthy so be he is a heavy smoke a report that he has diabet es his father had a heart attack in 2000 and died in in 2011 of cardio vas. Feel a disease and then the reports that you mentioned that that Kim jong UN and had gone surgery and then CNN report that he had been a potential e grave li il according to one. Ur us source. There are also sources in China cooperate with Chinese Twitter kind of a place that that Kim jong in may in fact, even be dead. But again, those are those are on call operator reports at this time. Yeah, your in soul as less than a hundred kilometre ZF rum the North Korea and border, what more you hear in there. While the screen government has largely play down the reports that Kim jong UN and was greatly yl. If we go back earlier in the week, the initial report came out of a website called daily nk it's run by kind of director's here in South Korea and it seems to to paint the North Korea. Team in a very negative light. So the South Korea and government, a liberal government that seems to approach MT with North Korea has has really kind of played the down at the same time we need to recognize that, North Korea is a very controlled state controlled media. And even the for reporters that are allowed in to North Korea, what they can report on is tight Lee controlled. So the Information that we get out of North Korea, you know is very, very limited. What does this UN certain t mean for stability in the region? Wellwe need to recognize North Korea is a Dick to torial»’°£It has a very antagon QQ relationshipcertainly with the United States and and the international community°£It is pur suing a nuclear weapons°£It has a nuclear weapons program is subject to sanctions from the United Nations Security Council and North Korea itself is something of above. First date between the South Korea AA strong us ally with you s troops here and China any sort of in stability in North Korea is going to represent another rea of super power competition between China and the United States, Frank Smith reporting for us from Seoul, thanks very much. 