Hi, this is cate for minute. Let's say you're an infect dis ease with dreams of spreading as far and wide as possible. Your logic of starting point might be to invite a host and make as many many users fast as you can to spread to as many other hosts as you can. However, that would probably be counter productive because the more of yourself you make the worst your host feels and the worst they feel the less likely they are to go out and inter act with other potential hosts. That's a problem. If you're like most pathogen and require close contact like a hand shake share drink or something more into me to move from host to host. This rely on san close contact in pose a major construct most diseases have to limit the damage the in flict in order to keep their ho's feeling well enough and alive enough to drive themselves out of bed on into contact with other potential hosts. That's why most diseases even if they are fun usually. Only cause the limited harm, but there are that can get around much more freely and they are able to get really nasty like color of some streets of this diary of cause and bacteria can kill their hosts in a matter of hours. Since the disease can move through, water hosts don't have to be particularly mobile to trans MIT. In fact, sicca hosts put more bacteria into the water supply diary ching even more people. And for disease that can linger in the environment for years waiting for a new host in general patent that can be passed along at a distance or after a long period of time tend to be more life than those that require close contact yet. We may be able to tame these diseases pose ING the construct of director com. For example, in the 1990 za color in south America spread from places where bacteria could move freely through the water supply to, as were better Sana tation practices made water borne transmission impossible. There since color it had to rely on decent feeling hosts to spread it is often in to a mile or strength. So inter vention ZF a deadly diseases like cleaning up water supplies or say you bad net regularly to keep in sex a way can not only keep people from getting sick, they can also try and deadly diseases in to the disease that only make people and moderate sick. And that's an exciting germ of an idea. Thanks to curiosity stream for sponsor in this video created by the found a of Discovery channel curiosity stream gives you access to over 1700 document ary is an series of science and history from the world's best film makers. We're happy to help them and out their new edition Stephen hawking's favorite places to following the army winning for. Episode in favorite places to hawking Free falls in to Venus and travel through time in search of the theory of everything check it out at curiosity stream dot com slash minute where you can enter the code minutes to get your first three weeks Free again that curiosity stream dot com slash minute. 