Hi, this is Kate for minute. In the United States alone 22 people died everyday waiting for a picnic live our heart or long transplant there simply aren't enough, don't eat it, human organs to go around and we can't just go around stealing them out of random healthy people. But here is the thing our immun systems are really really good at c king out and destroy ING any thing for in to our body. So even human to human organ transplant sometimes get rid. And pig organs are much for an hour. They have a super can speak uous sugar molecule on the surface of their selves. That's basically a fight me sign for humans organ reject ING anti bodies, but we're actually been able to engineer pigs who organs don't carry their shit as so as soon we could take care of pig organs of the fight me signs and similar way we might one day be able to transplant organs and to him. But there is a far more radical idea for pork based organ farming, grow customers to human organs and pigs actually it's not just an idea its on on going experiment in real life. First we engineer a pig embryo that doesn't grow its own kid nice. Then we in ject it was stem cells from the person meeting at rance plant then is the MOD ify pig embryo develop. These human cells grow inside the data in to healthy kid needs made from the patient's own selves. At least that's the plan. So far we have only seen this experiment all the way through. When the MOD ify pig rose were in ject ID with stem cells from other pigs. We don't know whether it will actually work with human kid needs because we all tid experiments with the pig human embryo after just for weeks of development because some of those human stem cells could develop into other human organs elsewhere in the body. Which raise us a lot of questions like what to do with them, even if the cells don't my great and these hybrid pigs and up producing lots of life saving organ. What rights do we give to apart human pig even if the part is just a kid, ni what it's two kids to kid needs a liver and a set of long ze in principle, we can use the same technology to grow human heart's human's by my words and even human brains all inside of a pig. And when we do, how will we know of that pig is still a pig. This episode of me to earth is sponsor DIN part by tab for a cause if you like me you open a lot of times in your browser time for a cause is the browser extension, the dough nuts to charity with each new tab, which means lots of money for non profits like consul Asian international and human rights watch without cost of new a thing. The last time we feature tap for a cause minute or things like you raised as click the link the description to help us do even better this time and playing it down there will you find the notification Bell next to the sub scribe button on click on it you to has. Change how it no to five sub scribe as on this is the best way to make sure you find out when we post a new video, you can do the same thing on your phone or tablet. If you don't see the Bell, make sure your sub scribe in the first place. Thanks and we'll see you next time. 