Lets get it was constant down order the stay at home or in that states that supposed to start right now, what do you see it? That's my kt. I just started a couple of minutes going. There are a few thousand people here already take a look behind me, we are on the steps of the state capital and you see people are just trying to argue that the state should re open interest for this protest grew up. The governor's the democratic governor here extended the states stay at home order that was originally supposed to end today. He expected it to me 26 people here are saying their first rated with it. I spoke to one gentlemen and you saw the pictures that sam had out of Georgia one gentleman who said he want to see more of what's going on in Georgia right now and it was constantly's nd what he told me. I really like what the governor of Georgia is doing he is opening up the state. I would like that here and you don't have to open up your business if you don't want to or you don't have. Have to go out if you don't want to. But it is open and then you get to choose and I like the choice the options that we could have. I spoke to a hair dress or who was in your tears explain how she was first rated by the situation saying she wants to be able to operate her business again saying she got that government stimula sex you got the or she applied for the pp loan, but she knows that she may she just may be a couple of weeks away from closing down her also talk to the lieutenant governor of this date today and he explain with with confidence bike in cases yesterday. Yes they are increasing the testing in this date but they also saw a bike in positive cases yesterday. He also said unlike other states of neighbors States mini. So to for example, when you see the government's starting to open in face as they cant do that in this concert, he says because of steps that happened here, it was just two weeks ago kt, where there was that election that you had their the lieutenant governor now saying that 23 people who went out. Noted including some pole workers tested positive for the virus. He say it seems like this won't help the situation I the Katie. It is a highly virus AQ I forgive me because I can't see you right now. I don't have a monitor on front of me. Some of the protest we've seen in the past has been largely political with a lot of political science age. What are you seeing there? Is this a largely political Pro tests or these people that are Pro testing the shut down itself. You have both cated the hair dress to that I mentioned she said, yeah, I see it's political, but I want to stay out of that. This is about my business, but you also have a situation where you do see this is my shoulder. It's not the comer of you, but you see a flag that's a 2020. UC people talking about the governor saying you spell a quality government is there is anti abortion signs there is long guns that are buy some of the protest. So yes there is a political tone in it. One of the groups organ izing this is the door is a group and other is a small business. Then that has a car driving around hawk in their hands. So you have people private eyes in the issue is Katy. Hey, there I'm crazy for MSNbc. Thanks for watching MSNbc on YouTube at you want to keep up to date with the videos for putting out you can click sub scribe just below me or click over on this list to see lots of other great videos. 