Now you probably heard this phrase flat on the curve when it comes to this pan dem it, but what does that mean? In practice, let me show you a future that kind of explain it because the key things here is just looking at the rates at how fast people are dying around the world, different countries facing different forms of crisis at the moment you get a sense of this looking at the measures how fast the number of people here and the invest in countries are dying. So the steep of the curve, the more people are dying more quickly in the flat of the curve of the less quickly they are doing so you can see South Korea over there they have been seen as having manage this disease far better than many countries in Europe and almost all of Europe, including it should be said Germany and sweet and are in the park there and have a look at the UK. So, we just had confirmed 3605 death in the UK, but when you just look at a few of these lines that have a look at the extreme so will take the South Korea at the bottom. Then if. Spain and Italy which is seen as being the sentence of this disease at the moment, lets have a look at where the UK and the us within this you can see the UK in the us. This is the first 10 days after they passed a hundred death. So the first 10 days, both of those lines were actually below Italy and Spain's lines and looked like they were flat a than those lines. So that was potential e and encourage ING source of news. But it's what happened more recently that is causing concern here in the UK and in the us because both the UK line and the us lines are getting steep a where is you can see, those lines for Spain and Italy are actually getting flat a an the shore of this is the UK may well over take Italy the us may over to explain to become the biggest episode By next week, that is how serious this is that is why it matters to try flat and those cards in the reality and afraid is what we are saying on this chart is in a way I was looking to the rear view mirror cause a lot of these people who have died in the last few days will have contract ID the disease some weeks ago. So there are a big question Marks over how can these numbers are. But there is another question is it that they are over state in the number of people who are dying is it that they are under stated yes and there is if you look at some of the figures we have done, you get us a particular picture. So this shows you official number so is the current of those of Asian numbers is not a choice, not great is an absolute one says a slightly different shape. But that's the number of people are number of death have been announced now lets have a look when those people actually died. And it's a slightly different picture you can see the date of death curve is before And potential AA few days are indeed, a week or so is time that is concerned. And so to is the fact that we don't really have a comprehensive picture of how many people are dying in total this shows you the number of people who have died of all courses in the UK that blue area there of all courses in the UK each week since the start of the year, and because the deadline is the average of how many people tend to die in each week. And so far it doesn't look like the UK is kind of number of death is actually getting a buff the average, so that's quite encourage. And in Italy and Spain, this blue area there are over LE is going far above the average. So you have axs death as they cause it call it, but his is the concern these numbers of slightly out of days, so we don't get them until the lack of two weeks or so. So will be keeping a close eye on this chart, some people fear that that xsxs death line could well rise above the average over the course of the next few weeks to others say. Er, we have been over counting those cover to 19 days. We will have to keep a close eye on it because there are lots of question Marks about the data. But lots of concerns about what's happening, and lots of a kind of the clear air at I think for many people that we really really need to try to fly to nose curve as quickly as possible. 