Developing over night what a scene in Oklahoma city the MBA suspect its season. After a player on the utah Jazz tested positive for career and a virus, what does this mean moving forward is impossible to know how much in Jeopardy any one player or fan is if one person has been exposed and tested positive, what it means is we have no idea and what seemed to the logical Alice and just UN think of all a few days ago is now the reality. So we're here on Thursday morning, what is the weekend look like? What is next week look like and of course the NBA I think that was a shock to so many people that this is what we're talking about with this like that is such a part of our culture and really sports are a Bell weather for our nation in our community. So sports go we kind of that feeling so goes the specific feeling in in an area in a state or a city or county whatever. So what's next is the NBA. Suspected they didn't cancel their certainly spec ular. Could they pick up games again? Could they go right to the play offs or in fact is the season over, I think will get more clearly on that. Er, and then as the domino ZF all, all these other legs, people that are still playing with the spect ate a list or not be it, of course, the nch in a minute or or other things moving forward. And now they're looking at what the NBA did on saying how in the world can we keep playing. And those of the questions were going to see now n hl Major League Baseball the masters and then ultimately the olympics and they all want to sleep with this happened. So late last night there waiting up this morning we are beginning to see some statements m ls there going to play with the fans for now, but the same with the n hl Mark man is place with the advance. Andy I ask you this cause u were a boy, right? You hung around a stadium for a lot of years, not just the report, but as an employee, they are going to be hundreds of thousands of people who lose their PH x ya. I mean this is going to have the. Big pack not just for those of us who like to watch, but for those people who for whom it said of Lee Hood yeah, it's certainly will and and you know I knew a lot of the people that just worked at the Toyota center of you know for the Houston rocket you know they can't on those events and those jobs to make a living. And you know we saw just last night, you know one of the first things Mark you been said the owner of the Dallas max was those people came to write the Top of his mind of how this is going to affect them and they're not going to get those pay checks and he's going to try to start to put a program in place for them to still be able to earn while this is going on. But you are right John. I mean this effect so many thousands of people in so many ways without these games going on, and even if they are able to continue sometime in the future, say they just start with the play offs. In late April or in may at some point you they probably will do be doing that with empty arena, which still effects are a lot of people is a bottom line and their lively hoods. You're saying you just brought up other sports, the ripple effect of this decision last night can have making every body question. And what their best practices should be today shouldn't they wait to somebody test positive? I mean, this is the question today is is how how prim itive? Should we all be sports teams b or re active else in the ncAA decided to be no one as far as we know and see a man or women's basketball has tested positive and yet they went with the spect ate a list of which is also extraordinary r just the man's terminal own last year in marketing revenue and TV rights 867 million dollars just last year. And the fact that it's going to be spect ate rI think the positive here is so many of these things are TV store is right there there for most its its television. And so the fact that that even if there are fans in the stand people will be able to watch on TV that that saved a lot of these events. But moving forward, the nhl is right on there play now and as we said. The masters you've gotten estimate Cindy on well with cancer letter lympic well and that of course, the only good news here if there is any good news at all is the olympic stars July 24th in Tokyo. And what that means is that according to a Top Ioc official a couple of weeks ago, the drop dead date John to make that decision will be late may. That the in decision the UN certain t in these athletes lives right now is extraordinary pills and comparison to the actual concerns and and death that we're seeing with the crown of Iris. But I would think the olympics can wait a little longer and look at this entire landscape before they have to make what will be the sports decision of the year. 