About a million years ago, some in black bears and for its cross the bearing land bridge in the North America over thousands of generations of the fair ies and the bears on different continent became different species. So they still look and act a lot of like but the American bear and the Asian fit r diving while the Asian bear and American fair at art risk of extension. Both sets of coz of their UN even luck to another interpret species careless that began its rapid spread some 60000 years ago eventually crossing the same language in to North America. As it's numbers gru many other species numbers and have attached shrink and every where it went, the human's big brain helped it develop the tools for success, but it also give it all sorts of ideas about the new ana mas that came across in Asia people wrong lic aim to think that bear bile help to cure common elements and started killing an increasing bears for their goal black as which they do to this day combined with the habit of destruction. This has made the jet black bear population which has been cut in half in the last three decades alone mean. While in America fewer people hundred bears after they decide that they were pretty cute more recently North americans have all so moved much more rapidly from farm to a banana and the new growth forest the tar popping up in the absence happened to be the perfect habit for bears. In fact it's so good that there are now about twice as many black bru is rolling the woods of North America as there were when you're AP on call on its first arrived 500 years ago. The North American for its haven't been so lucky their primary food source that the prairie dog was happy eating grass and breathing like crazy on till ranch is worried that there wouldn't be any not left for their House shot the cute little fuzzy was the engineer with nothing to eat the fair is wen ting in the wild Asian for its on the other hand have a favorite food source that humans have and killed off and there still crying in most parts of Europe and Asia so it's not like the Asian for it on the American bear r better species than their clothes cousin's whatever that even mean they just got lucky that humans in their part of the world didn't decide to share it out their favorite food or bear down on there by o. Thanks for watching this video and thanks to all of our patriot supporters who make me to is possible if you like to support as well. You can go to a tree and dot com slash me to we really appreciate it. 