I was keen to know about Steve passion what drove him. I read an article when I was very young in scientific. That can dream matic li am ple if I are in eight human abilities. And to me we actually ran and i'd like this for early to apple that the personal computer was the bicycle in the mind. And I believe that with every bone in my body that that of all the invention of humans, the computer is going to rank near if not at the Top, as history on foods and we look back, and it is the most awesome tool that we have ever invent ID and I feel incredible lucky to be at exactly the right place in silic on valley at exactly the right time historical wear this invention has taken for him on. As you know, when you set a vector off in space, if you can change the direction a little bit at the beginning, it. I feel we're. We can not it in the right direction. It will be a much better thing. As it as it progress is on and I look you know, I think we've had a chance to do that a few times and and it brings, I think all of us associated with the tremendous satisfaction and how do you know what's the right direction? You know, ultimately it comes down to taste. It comes down to taste it. It comes down to trying to exploit yourself to the best things that humans have done. And then try to bring the's things into what you're doing. I mean, because so how to saying you said good artists copy great artists steal. And we have you know always been with. About stealing great ideas. R. And I think part of what made the MAC in tosh great was that the people working on it were a musician zon poet and artists and artists and his story on zhe, who also happened to be the best computer scientists in the world. But if it hadn't been for computer science, these people would have all been doing amazing things in life in other fields. And they brought with them. We all brought to this to this effort. A very liberal arts at sort of air very very liberal arts attitude that we wanted to pull in the best that we saw in these other fields into this field. And I don't think you get that if you are very narrow. 