µÄpowerful man. Within a few weeks, president trump went from playing down Karen a virus to calling it a pan dem. He is also that sur gical Marks have been stolen in huge numbers from hospitals in New York as the way of Spain ING the rise in their demands wear the mask that they going out the back door. But there is no evidence of wide spread FT. And if patients are flooding in in tensive care unit. ¶Ôvarious Chinese officials have been to spread the idea that the virus didn't original in China the foreign ministry spokes on j Lee John has done so repeated li Chinese state media have all sorts of false claims that covered 19 might have been created by the us military all that it was present in Italy long before it appeared in China. There is nothing to suggest that any of this is true on the scientific can sense acy XR clear. The virus first jump from animals to humans in wu han in China towards the end of 2019. Back from the Italian national, us d tomato has been telling his supporters that China created the car owner virus in the laboratory. It's another full screen, but it has been. Widely shared on social media against scientists are convinced that this is not a manmade virus. The brilliant president xi boss and ro was sen said by face book in the ground Twitter and YouTube for spreading false Information. They remove post the video in which he claimed that the anti malay a drug hydroxy Kara queen was totally effective and treating covered 19. In fact, there are lots of trials and it's being used experimental, but the overall impact of the drug is really UN prove on. A senior in d and politicians, super man army reported that the covered 19 strain in India is a girl in which the human body is defense mechanism r able to resist more effectively. That's not what the experts say all the virus. Is meet but scientists have yet to find any variation in how li full cover 19 can be. If you take slowly that's good news, it means that when a vaccine comes, it should be effective for longer. There's a lot. We still don't know that the emergency AR own a virus that threatened all of us has stopped the virus of dodge claims from spreading around the world. 