So you want to be more buffet. Well bush UPS r quick easy and they can help you build the muscle mass. You always dream to be all you have to do is pay attention to a couple of simple but key factors. Number one doing push UPS correct li no matter how many push UPS you do a day if you perform them wrong, your body won't change one bit. The most important thing here is the form your body makes your lower back should be perfectly straight. Your feet have to be no more than older with the part. And your elbow should make a 2024 degree angle from your belly to get the most out of a push up lower your body all the way to the floor and touch it with your chest. Just don't forget to breathe in as you lower your body death. And breathe up as you go back up number to read and usually the best range for building a problem as is 6012 rap. However, there are some details that you should take into consideration here. Every one's body response to a certain number of apes differently. For some people, three to five rap Sari nuff to get at own body while others get the same result with 15 to 25 rap. That's why it's important to mix it up and include all kinds of ribs in your work out, start with two steps of low three to five rap. They'll make your body stronger. Thanks to their high intensity, then go for two sets of medium six to 12 rap. They will allow you to make a smooth transition to the last two sets of high 13 to 25 rap. At this point, your limits and tender ness that support the muscles you want to build will get strong enough to help you achieve the muscle mass you want. Number three regret. Challenge in your muscles is the key to building a great muscle mass, and how can you do that when you always repeat the same thing, just like with rain, you got to change it. Do you push up from the knees from a standard plank, one arm with a little weight on your back. With your hands close together, the options are endless changing the surface on which you perform your put up can be a massive help as well with the new Challenge every single day your muscles will grow strong and prom on on in no time. Number for measuring results to make sure that your training is really working, make it a habit to track your progress during your journey before you even begin training use a tape measure to figure out the exact the mention of your shoulders, arms and s, then start with the simple work out. You can think of and continue using a tape measure to check how much money. So much you built when this training session stops working, adjust it to a more Challenge in one and stick to using a tape measure to see how well this new exercise routine is working. He been crease ING the intensity of your work out just like that until you get the muscle mass you want, then you can simply repeat your last train ING session regularly to maintain your new muscle mass. And there you go, that's all you need to know about push UPS to get the body of your dreams. However, if you want to get to the desired results faster, there are a couple of other factors you should pay attention to. Number one recognize in your type, imagine this you have a floor is training routine that you perform regularly u perfectly, but you still can't gain the muscle mass u strike for. Is that it what are you doing wrong? The answer lies in your jeans. There are two main types of muscle fiber type. Those people have to work really hard to get impressive muscle mass and type to these lucky ones gain muscles fast. So if you do everything you can and still can't get a body of your dreams, you are definitely type one, these types of bodies respond best to indoor and training, so make sure to include a large portion of them in your workout routine and to wait positive changes. Number two training if you want to stick to a more diverse training instead of focus ING on push UPS make sure your work out last no more than one hour the key to gain muscle is the intensity of your training, not the long ev ity of it regular estim period xa report n't ii, just make them under a minute and keep the temple of your training up. Don't hesitate to use, wait or Bob l, they make your muscles work in boost their growing process. Remember if you lift the same amount of wate you did a couple of months ago, you are not building muscle. This is. A major red flag that your workout strategy is not working and it's time to change things up. Number three, yoga, believe it or not, yoga is a perfect solution. If you really need to just things up in your training session, it works out large muscle groups helps to gain flex ability and improve your mental health all at the same time. If you are original exercise routine is working great though you can still include a couple of yoga stretch is in your off days to keep your muscles in shape with out over working them do tree pose, triangle pose, pose and worry your one pose and feel your muscles getting bigger and stronger. Number for listening to music count less researchers show that turning on feel good music during your workout helps to increase its products and there for get to the final goal faster. This happens because of a ride. Idea factory the rhythm boost the intensity of your training inspire you and ships your focus completely on the result more over music in hands is your muscle memory allowing you to make your performance and better and better with every session. This is really cool, a lex a play my motivation and play list. Number five drinking smooth, providing your body with an additional dose of protein during your work out can make a huge difference for your muscle bro and you don't have to buy any protein smooth as you can make on yourself. Take 12 answers of water, one full of Spanish to cup of frozen mixed berries, half a cup of plane, low fat yogurt to school of an ill a way protein powder, one table spoon of wal nuts and one table spoon of ground flat seat through all the stuff in the blend and the super drink is ready, then simply drink this smooth e during your training to give your muscles cruel. Nutri ance and elements for fast and healthy growth. Number six eating habits are a lot of people make a huge mistake of eating very little when they're not rainy never do that on these days your muscle start to slowly but steadily grow which means that they all kinds of new tree and sin mineral. You may want to lay of cards for a bit since she don't need to keep your energy high for a work out, but your protein and take has to be perfect. So make sure to add more eggs and Greek yogurt and the other protein high foods in your menu. And don't forget about your cal ary and take it shouldn't drop by more than 500 calla res. Number seven drinking milk. Doctor com on and the director of nutrition at my research associa says that a bow of carbo hydr ates with protein about 30 minutes before going to bed is helpful for muscle game. The color is that you can stay. With you during your sleep and even de crease Pro t break down in your muscles, it can be raised in brand with a bit of milk or anything else you lie just keep in mind that you have to eat the same thing in the morning to b persist ance about it and it won't be long till you see the result. Number eight sleeping schedule when you sleep your body release is human growth hor mone that allows your muscles to fully recover and grow. So naturally a healthy sleep ING scheduled can do wonder for your muscles a study that was published in the journal of American Medical Association showed that sleeping for ur fle e 5 hours cuts muscle building test Oster o levels by 10 to 15%. That's why experts recommend seven to eight hours of sleep every night. It's more than enough for your body to relax and your muscles to grow. So are you bump Top now do you have any tips of your own and how to build more muscles sound off in the comments? Hello, don't forget to give this video. I like share with your friends and click sub scribe stay on the Bright side. 