Relax trick ns and a record heat wave are sending crowd to beach is in California this weekend several count in surrounding Los Angeles reopen their beach is take a look at those images but they are still making sure people follow social distance in god lives. How are they doing that lets go to CNN live in venture a county California when you look at those images that we just showed it looks like it's going to be quite difficult encourage people to have greater social distance ING. But one thing that we are fighting the thread is a lot of people want the beach is to stay open inventor accounting or we are right now and in orange county. So there listening to the life guards and the police officers look behind me. They laid out some rules here, so throwing the first be in balance your social distance, but you can not get a group of people together kong gate start a fire pit that sort of thing that would be out of bound and talking to. When on off camera to second to go he is from Los Angeles county he went just a few miles in to this account esau friends he had not seen in six weeks, but they maintain their social distance. Now what's happened to out the southern California this weekend during the first test whether test after midnight tea break out. You've got different rules and different county. So just to the south of us mia miles in la county you can not be at the beach in any way, shape or form law enforcement officer's are all over this right now there not allowing it. So what we're here ING from residence is they want to classification of these rules because the North county show these pictures, new port beach there being extremely a comedy they're saying people can go to the beach just follow the social distance in guide lines and we saw observed that people were being extremely polite, and curious and the life guards echo that. So it's another. Holding the story here in California with all of these various county is trying to figure out just what to do during a heat wave. But as I said, we are seeing people behaviour and it here ING to those social distance in guide lines back to you. Now, wow Paul k contrast image is whether the beach is are 20 minutes of part or whether there are our distance between them. All right, thank you so much for that view. 