Hi, this is Kate for minute. Ever since rich British folks invent to dog show zaza spect ate of sport in the late e hundred people have been reading push is around that the goal of taking the Top spot in their dog so called Broad group. These bree groups are based on the historical jobs dogs were red to do with game or treat as like labs on sales on the sport ING group guide dogs like an ma stiff in the working group on hitting dogs like colleagues and sheep dogs in the hurt in group. And although most dogs today are just but nothing about their brain group still influence is how we think about that which is my dog bree organizations described dogs in the boarding group is a tent ative dogs in the hurt in group of smart and dogs in the working group has courage ous but perhaps you did for families with young kids. However two decades of Cain research revealed that will dogs in the given group often share skills they don't really have that much else in common in one study in Sweden researchers and more than 30000 dogs of 31 different breeze through the course full of sounds surprise is and random humans attempt ING to snow. In fact, most dogs out more like breeze out side the group then they act like all the breeze with in their group. Once more dozen's of Cain I nit engine studies have shown that when it comes to skills like sailing maze and following command, all groups perform about the same, even though some individual dogs are definitely smart than others. So have a dog in TH. You somehow bin imagin ING. All of these differences among the groups, maybe psychology. Research suggests that once we begin to see something in a particular way, we naturally c cout evidence that strengthen that image and ignore evidence that under mine. Is it. But the truth is that you can't judge a book by its cover. Hey, this is Kate and this is my a terrible russel Watson hopefully you enjoy this video because we had a ton of fun making it come to us in the comments section or we can chat about. Breeze and con formation bias on you can share your dogs with us also if you like what we do please consider joining our pat ry on community at a tree and dot com flash minute. Our Patience help us continue to make videos about the weird and wonderful planet we call home and they get access to some pretty cool exclusive per KS on the way. If you can't support us, don't worry about it that make sure to sub scribe to minute to get access to all our latest videos. Thanks and we'll see you next time. Hey, it's k again. And this is my door will rescue Watson. And they get access. 