That developing head line out of the UK at this hour British prime minister boss Johnson has been moved to the in tensive care unit after his condition worse and also the queen a dressing the British people and ABC James long and outside ST Thomas hospital where the prime minister is being treated to night. Tonight prime minister Barry Johnson now in in tensive care less than 24 hours after being hospital ised in his battle with Karen a virus on just hearing at this moment, the prime minister has been taken into an in tensive care unit down the street saying Johnson condition has worked and over the course of this afternoon and has been moved to the eye see you on the advice of his medical team. Officials say the 55 year old prime minister with conscious and did not require a vent later at the moment that was moved as a proportion. In case he did Johnson OS Britain's foreign secretary Dominic rob to temporary take over his duty. While he is hospital ised president trump offering support to night to his AL I were very sad and to hear that, he was taken into an. Sense of care this afternoon, little while ago. And americans are all pray for his recovery, but when you get brought into in tensive care that gets very, very serious with this particular disease just hours earlier Johnson was tweet ING that he was in good spirits adding I went for some routine test so I'm still experience in crowd of Iris symptoms and it was just three days ago he was posted from his home also have a temperature at this is studying time for Johnson comes as more than 50000 of in 19 case is have been confirmed in Britain. Over 5000 now dead the crown of our is crisis prompt ING the queen to make just have faith the dress to the nation outside her annual Christmas day message. We should take comfort that while we may have more still to and you're better days will return. We will be with our friends again. We will be with our families again. We will meet again these last words inspired by Lyrics from. World war ii error song of o king Britain's fighting spirit. A very rare of a power full address James long with this love tonight outside the London hospital were of course Johnson is now in in tensive care and James I know this is really in the UK to night David I think this has come as a real shot to the country and Britain was told repeated li that brass Johnson only had my ld symptoms. It may be just that he hasn't rest ID enough, but we thought as well with his partner carry SIM as she is pregnant with their child. Are worry ING time for them both David James long and live in London James we really appreciate it. Hi everyone's stuff and was here thanks for checking on the ABC news YouTube channel u like to get more video show high lights and watch live of coverage click on the right over here to sub scribe to our channel and don't forget the download the ABC news that for breaking news alert. Thanks for watching.