Hello. Well I'm trying to get what to do. We got any question from our bedroom. Come on John, where are you? Test in his software. I make a new series of any web of western, at this time for this reason, I'm with my family, John Thomas with whom I make the series the produce a, he is in his bedroom in of at her at it sweet we got some new help, some new people on board, or try to pull together, but we can't do this without your help. Anywhere but west minister down the years has been all about telling stories about life as it's live ld life beyond sent is of power, the condition of the country we need to do the same thing again. In the midst of this awful and expected crisis we want to get a sense of. How people are live in how the cope him with this what life is like if yourself as a late in what social distance in means in practice also issues that people are experience in there is another strength to all this as well. You might have noticed if you watch the film's over the last year, so we concentrate more and more and community self help people trying to change things from the grass roots up and we want to know about that in the midst of the car owner virus crisis. So the way we want to do this is we're asking you to shoot video use your phone, shoot for age and then mail it to us. So important tips of you are gone record some video for us please follow social distance in don't put yourself for others at risk and don't do anything out side of your daily routine at the moment anyway and please please keep it personal about yourself for your community and also try if you can't to show us what u talking about than just tell us every week will bring our film which is a kind of package of what we have received from all over the country. So shoot your video on the phone. E mail it to the address that's probably know around here. There is another way you can get in touch as well if you're interested in being involved, if there are people and places you think we all know about and mail us at the address, which is probably wasn't around my head. And that's hopefully how it will work. This is a kind of in version is any web of men is often has been at the way the media usually works in the attempt to tell people what happen we want you to tell the media what is happening. And hopefully this will fly. 