Hi this is Emily. Sometimes a ham ster mom looks at her a door of a little babies and it's like I just want to w up, except not in a cute way more in like a kind of way and ham ster mom are not alone, pig buzz, birds snake, pri mate and fish all occasionally nam on the next generation which is weird not just because we humans considered deeply wrong to eat our own baby's but also because making babies is the primary goals of virtually all life so eating them and the jeans they carry seems like the ultimate act of self to feet. For instance ham ster's a peer to use baby eating as a form of crowd control female with letters of eight or nine pump seat to of them on it. Average. And when scientists have tried adding a couple of books to the letter to have your mom's eat for, but we're moving a few of the Pope's the day, they are born pretty much stops, the cannibal ism before it starts. Suggest that I am ster ma might eat her young to keep her letter a small enough that you can provide for the survival and ensure they grow up to pass on their jeans. Other creatures like the long tail of sun skin food on their babies, only an emergency zhe wen Prada to zhe repeated li threatened to eat the mother's legs, she beat them to it and eat them all her self, which actually makes sense if the eggs are do much to become someone's launch, making them her lunch helps prepare the ma mas cake for another round of the production. And sometimes kids you know get in the way, so they just have to go the male sand gobi fertil izer zek SWF a multiple female over a short period of time and cares for them all together in one nest in order to meet again, he has to wait for all his eggs to hatch. So he sacrifice is. The slow poke ster Free himself up for more baby making in short for credit cross the animal kingdom to maxim ize the resources, energy and opportunities they need to pass on their jeans. Sometimes it does make sense to order off the kids men. This video was sponsor dw double dot com the leading provide a of audio books with over 250000 download title and on the topic of eating one's own kind. Maybe you want to check out audio book version of miracle in the end is the hero in the first person account of a high AL titude plane crash in the mountains of Peru and the 72 day long struggle for survival that followed. Download miracle in the end is or another book of your choice for Free but going to about that come slash minute earth and sign up for a 30 day trial membership. And thanks for watching.  