II had an interview yesterday, was if in fact, we had me tig ate it earlier, could lives have been saved. And the answer to my question was, as I always do and I'm doing right now perfectly honest Lee say yes, I mean, obviously, if you me tig Asian helps, i've been up here. Many times telling you that me tig Asian works. So if me tig Asian works and u integrated and and you hate it earlier, you will probably have saved my lives. If you hate it later, you have probably would have lost more lives. You waited at a certain time, that was taken as a way that maybe some how something was at fault here. So let me tell you for my experience. And I could only speak for my own. Experience is that we had been talking before any means that we had about the Pro zon the ones the effect of this or not of strong medic ations so discussion were going on mostly among the medical people about what that would mean. The first and only time that doctor box and I went in and family made a recommendation to the president to actually have a quote shut down in the sense of not really shut down but to really have strong men tation. We discussed it obviously they would be concerned buy some, in fact, that might have some negative consequences, none the less the president listen to the recommendation and went to the medic ations. The next second time that I went with DR Burke into the president said 15 days are not enough. We need to go 30 days. Obviously they were people who had a problem with that because of the potential secondary effects. None the less at that time, the president when with the health recommendation and we ended it another 30 days. So I can only tell you what I know and what my recommend ations were. Thank you. Know I had to be honest with you. I don't even remember what the date was. I can just tell you the first and only time that I went in and said we should do me tig Asian strongly. The response was yes will do it. The travel days of the location. The travel was another recommendation when we went in and said we. Probably should be doing that. And the answer was yes, and then another time was we should do it with Europe and the answer was yes and the next time we should do it with the UK and the answer is yes. So. 