Hi, this is Kate for minute 10000 years ago we humans came up with a revolution ary new idea for how to feed our selves, agriculture, owl and plant a crop water for lies harvest and repeat each year. And today we are pretty much still doing the same thing as ten thousand years ago, thanks to the industrial revolution we are producing much larger qualities of food than we used to. But we are also putting far more resources in to produce ING food than we used to as a result of water levels in the world's largest office are falling faster than their being are under ground supply of phosphor us a new tree of critical to plan photo synthesis will be exhausted in a few hundred years and we use up the very ground itself since orb lows and wash his off of our field fifty times faster than it for me we can extend the life of these in puts with resource saving techniques like the prison farming and technology is like gene editing. But it's likely that no one. Amount of retro fit in our 10000 year approach to farm will make it work for billion of people for the next 10000 years. So what our future human's going to do about dinner one possibility is to switch to a food making system where resources get re cycle to play it. Radical as it sounds, this kind of system already exists all around us in nature wear some light is the only major energy in put on eco systems composed of many different CO exist in plants and create a cycle nutri ance and water with in the system or use resources at a rate ich will on thr. We have started taking some cuse from natural eco systems like interest person crop with trees to encourage the healthy habit for politics and pest control as and by changing the crop themselves. For example, we have begun to develop and you'll forms of we try sin other green that can live through many harvest on like traditional green, which we have to plough and rip lan every year. The idea is to eventually grow the new grad za long. Not quite hunting and gathering not plant harvest repeat, but a sort of future stick blend between the two. Hey, there I'm Alex I am here visiting the land institute. The sponsor of this video there creating a new it makes natural eco systems in order to environmental and here at the land institute, college is are developing pretty green eggs and oil states like this behind me. The goal is to grow them in a logical function, diverse mixture called poly culture to learn more about how the land institute spear and you'll poly culture could help revolution ize agriculture ought to support their work. Visit land institute dog. เลเล1. 