Most things in the universe happened to slowly for us to see them happen ING stars like the sun take tens of millions of years to form and hundreds of millions of years to or but there Galaxy s and cle I ding Galaxy is take billion's of years to merge. And yet we have a pretty decent understanding of how all these things happened because there are so many of them in the observ a LUNA verse that we can look out and see different version of similar events happening in different places. And because light takes time to get here, we c places at different distance is at different times throughout the history of the universe. And from all that we can piece together and understanding of how stars are born and how they die, how Galaxy is developed and act and so on. Its kind of like if you only had ten minutes to study how humans grow u couldn't see any one person grow very much in that time. But by looking at humans of different ages all around the world, you can get a pretty good picture of what a human life looks like. However the very first Galaxy to ever for more so small and IM that we don't have nearly as good idea of how baby Galaxy is are born as we do about how they behave in. Inter act later in life. Our current understanding is that in the early universe before any stars that formed everything was just spread out gas. And a lot of dark matter, dark matter is matter that doesn't interest the things of them by grav ity. So we call it dark because we can see it grav ity would have caused slightly desert years of dark matter to attract in to come pulling in bits of gas until they were done sin up on their own to grav ity and lick lapse and start thermo nuclear fusion. A star many stars, customs of stars and the Associated dark matter attracted together and merge. And then those cluster cluster cluster DDR or when during the process of cum ping an cluster ING the first star night it or if there was a minimum dark matter club size necessary to attract enough gas to form stars, or if the very first star cluster came together to form Galaxy at all, they might have been so small and fragile. They were blown a part when there. Own stars went super Nova and the first Galaxy s may have actually form from a second round of coming of gas and dark matter as well as dust from the explosion cz to be honest we don't even have a good enough definition of what a Galaxy is to know when to stop calling something at cluster of stars and went to start calling it the Galaxy what we do know is that today we have big ears of GalaxyØ«sunnone of which existed thirteen point eight billion years ago¡£So somewhere in between the must have all been babies Big gassy babies surrounded by club of dark matter¡£This video was made with the support of NASA James Webb space tele scope and the space tele scope science institute the James Webb space tele scope is especially sensitive to the infra red wave length that light from baby Galaxy s get stretch to buy the time it arrived in our solar system. So as strong as are excited li looking forward to using the jwst to learn more about the very first stars. And Galaxy is that ever formed in the universe. 