A spring storm or turning of the tide. Whatever the ultimate hold COVID-19 has Spark to crisis that has enough to us all our health our finance is our everyday live its a moment that says the chance has brought the country together and shared sacrifice, but has it. In one since we really are all in it together never before has there been a session has affected quite so many people across the country for more walks of life. But in the senses reception  and afraid in here early on equal some people keep their jobs other people lose them some people other people suffer that's just the nature of it. Especially when you're facing and economics storm the lights of which was never seen before. And what we are learning is that the impact of the virus both on health and on the economy verizon normally, it's not even quite how you assume yes, cities have been more effective in both respect, but the death right here in port Smith has been below the national average. And there's less evidence of a look down on effect of movement and social distanceing. Here in Lambert in south London the death rate is more than three times as high than in Paul Smith. One of the most badly affected parts of the country. So he work is here like bus driver pata particularly. We are not together. Groups of facing different comes as well the calling to research from the institute for studies black car be on people are more likely to die than many other athletic groups of this disease and also more likely to be in key work. In particular, they point out the 3rd of black African workers are key workers compare with only 10% of white British workers. The government now says it's worried and looking into the statistics. Of course, this is only part of the story. What about key workers who actually can't work? LE from sorry is a clean up or she was before the virus. A mother of three, she's had a cancel all her job simply to protect our clients. She and her husband and now trying to get by on his income as a Garden and working tax credit have worked at all at the moment. Just for the safety of my clients, I can't risk we've had a lot of sleep, less noise, the panic in that we won't be to feed the kids and I owe my god was going to happen with struggling we got there, back in port Smith. Ashley a supermarket worker count herself is one of the lucky ones. She lives at home with her parents and is now working night star king selves and picking food for online orders to reduce the risk of getting the disease. R that they don't follow it as well as maybe they should but you just kind of got to do the best you can under the circumstances. As the testimony and the statistics on the. 