Hi I'm Joe from its OK to be smart and today I'm doing a special but TH. If you mind up the world population of domestic cats that Kitty kong ga line would nearly six times around the planet nowadays there is around 85 million pet cats in the USA loan. How did cats become the grum py laser chase in key board in TH you as we know today and what rolled in human's play in their transformation, it all started around the million years ago in Asia with the cat that looks something like this. We think this an center of modern cat's travel far and wide in search of food and mate on instinct shared a cross the line family. Evil is like a change in climate and the lot of a certain pesce q prime ate that eventually became our first feeling friends as we moved away from hunter gather a ways and put down roots food pile up and this brought the animals like roads to the table and cats KM strong in after them. Don't let those big eyes full you the lines are mor der machines. There are more successful hunter than almost any other Prada to and those hunting instinct would have been a big help to our an cess to cats that ate rose but didn't eat children have got to stick around. People began getting attached to cats. In fact a child and cat were married together in the ninety 500 years old grave and sigh pris cats weren't quite getting attached to humans though they returned the urge to Rome in their killer instinct and still pretty much look like the wild cousin's, but they were changing House cats can digest plant mae ter better than wild cats helping them make meals of human's groups. What's more recent changes and jeans influence in. How cats respond to fear made a mess ticket is friendly than the wild cats even if we still can't exactly train them. The ancient Egypt ins worship cats is in car nations of a god is and many of us take a high roller from their tablet today cats may have even learned to demand our attention in the wild all kids me out to mom but once she stops listening they move on to other sounds that House cat's never leave there a door and mother so the kids on call continues. So how did for this feeling is become perfect PETS for millions of us around the world. It all started with the cat who hate the rat to eat the grain that lay in the heart that our answers built. Hey, it's k thanks to Joe for taking over our for this part a let us know how many famous internet cat you recognize DIN it if you dig dogs in stead follow me over to its OK to be smart where we help him sniff out the story of human's real best friend. Make sure to sub scribe while you are there. 