North Korea and media is not comment ING on outside specular in about leader Kim jong UN's health reuters news agency says China has sent a deli geisha nin clude ING senior doctors to advise on kids condition that room as that he is seriously ill following a heart operation. Satellite images from North Korea monitoring appear to show kids private train at the result town of one sun. On the east coast. For more and the story I am now joined by Aden foster parties, senior research fellow and soci ology and modern career at least university in the UK and it is no to rious li difficult to get reliable Information about the state of affair in North Korea several media outlets niao niao quo ting sources in China as saying that Kim has actually died. What are your source of saying about his health? I should hate him to say that I'm an an a list. I don't have any better or different sources in anyone else I am trying to put together. As many people are the pieces of a jig saw puzzle, we don't have enough pieces and we certainly don't have any picture on the box to guide us. Anything is possible. It is interesting that he MR key meeting that was the first alarm his father's birthday to live with deep the big holiday sun's day they call it. He is never missed that. It's all so interesting, perhaps the only the definite fact. His train has been seen at once and on the east coast, as you said, that is not near where the report said. He had the surgery I do think anything is possible. I think it's right to talk about it even as we exist in that we did we only have we have on confirmed room as because if he if anything is wrong with him, and I'm not committed on that at the moment because we don't know then we can be fair to sure that that is a very big deal. North Korea its a very busy and state its manage to success and before, but there's absolutely no body in place now. So we will just have to wait and see he made up up and surprise us all and those of us specuated may have egg on our faces as it happened before. But it's a very big deal if there is something wrong with him. If there is indeed something wrong with him, it is UN clear, it would succeed him as a leader and who's the most likely candidate and what is there is no clear transition of power. Indeed, so well long ago this was a communist country where they weren't supposed to b monitor and here and there are those who think that you are normal service in that sense could be received in some committed to take over. I don't think so because they have gone down the magical roots, they don't call it out of course, but they call it the PIC to month, sorry take to blood line after the the ground in which is which is sacred. So it's got to be in the blood it's been its gone you no father to son to sun that. Arm, but it's a very success story, post confusion patri AR chal culture. And she is very young to so that will be a very big deal. There are there is a half uncle Kim jong il programming and time to go to all the details of the long serving ambassador well away from Hongkong. In several east european countries, I think most of the public very able again but whether it is acceptable. It's it's really hard to know that could easily be a power struggle, the army which was much more powerful and his father came to and who can drag on his rain back, they might make a paragraph its very messy and whose hand would be on the nuclear button. Lots to worry about. I didn't force the car to thank you very much for this analysis. Thank you