Apple leading the charge is hundreds of companies world wide are considering a China x shift ING away from business with Beijing a mid its handling of this pan dem apple looking to India now to manufacture $40 billion with the iPhone's in the next five years, but is this too little too late? What kind of progress is this is why the world should have defendant less on China, in the first place, the hair is found ations dean cheng, so that's for coming on today we appreciate what do you think of this move by apple? Well, I think I certainly. The company's I'm just waiting to see the hash tag Bang made in China or something like that when people are saying if you're doing business with China, we don't want your products any more you except to see something like that. Well I think you are always going to have some grand stand it like that. But the reality is that are economy is are two in one to really do a hard the couple of meaning that you all American companies are many American companies will simply up and leave keep in mind that even apple if come go through with a full for tea billion dollar e direction is still going to have over $150 million worth for business in China now you exactly right and we can take up those numbers right now we can pull up apples of big player in China 220 billion. Merchant ice produced in that country hundred and 85 billion export ID for point 8 million Chinese people employed by apple and then let's go on to one more here. This is the Indian government is gonna get a nice of this may be a quarter of 5th of the pi. Apple is looking. Actually looking at India as a base to manufacture and export essentially diverse. If I it's production out of China we expect mobile phone export out of India to cross 100 billion by 2025 or ious 1 a planning to take about half the business of way from China my question to you is how will China reality for this because you know they're going to think of a way to get. Well, I think we have already seen the Chinese rap up their pressure in south east. Hear this is from India and senator MIC brain on Tuesday China it doesn't play fair. The failure to operate on the level regarding Kobe 19 has caused UN told global destination China must be held the count of. And if they do not cooperate they should face the serious consequences could try to do something to apple like box them out of their market. Could they say OK you you want to play this way, we're not gonna let you sell iPhone XR in China that would be ever state for apple. Well, absolutely. And we want seen the Chinese put similar pressure. Absolute with that. 