Hi, this is Emily from minute. Not just sounds supermarket, but with each passing second of life, the cells and our bodies accrue a little more damage, which is at least partly y as people get older their eyes of dying increase. Today a 40 year old has a point 3% chance of dying in the next year while the 60 world has a 1% chance of dying in the next year in 80 year old has a 5% chance and a 100 year old has a 50% chance. But around that age there are some evidence that the odds of dying level off. So what would make the mort ality curve flat and out like that one theory is that it has to do with natural selection and bad jeans, the other kind take a hyper TH and that proved fatal during childhood because it kills the toast before they get old enough to re produce it never gets passed on. Natural selection we visit out, on the other hand, an ast imitation that ends to kill people. After they grow up and re produce can get past on, but here is where things get complicated because human kids depend on their parents for survival. So a bad genie tend to kill relatively young adult is also likely to in directly kill their young kids and must be read from the gene pool to but a bad thing that kills slightly older adults has a lower chance of in directly killing their slightly older more self sufficient kids and that has a lower chance of getting read it out of the gene pool and a gene that kills eve and older adults hasn't even lower chance of also killing their descend an in short natural selection ability to imitate harmful jeans gets lower and lower as the age at which the gene strike gets higher and higher. And this could explain the weird death rate curve. Like think of natural selection as a magical force field that protect people from the grim reaper, but it gets weak as people get older. So there are dying go up eventually the force field where is off in tire li. So what he was the chances of dying at that age are really high. Don't go up any further because there is no protection left to lose. And if the death rate really does level out around 50% once we hit 100 years of age, how long humans can ultimately live is just a number of game right now. There are about half a million hundred years on earth. If half of them die each year only about 15000 will make it to 105 only about 500 will make it to 110. And dad's are none of the current Saturday and will beat the old age record of 120 to but if we can't, all 7.7 billion people living on the planet today is are that 15 of them will be that record and one lucky heaven will live to the ripe old age of 127. All you have to do is head over to square space dot com slash monitor for a Free trial. And when you're ready to launch use the offer code minute to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or demand. Think it dream it make it with square space. 