Lei la ny med l travel thousands of miles to find her vocation in the nhs. She spent 10 years 10 ding to the sick in south wale until early this month. When she died aged 41, after testing positive for the car owner virus. Lee lan is a very carrying a person and she does everything to help other people. And that's the way the nature most of us Philip e knows because that's why we just this profession. And miss a has her own theory about why so many fili Pino health professional r falling victim, a combination of equipment shortage and a fear of speaking out. Many fili Pino have been affected with the with this covered 19 because we don't have enough PP. We just get on with our job. We cannot complain I think because we are. A grade or maybe we are a frightened that we lost our job, we will be recommended. The government has a knowledge that the virus is having a more severe star from, they say they're looking over the reasons for the high facility rate among fili Pino health care workers. Their commitment and education is UN down tid and there are growing calls from within the Philip e no community here for the government to recognize that with some immediate practical help. For gree ving family is back home. Donald swell to was a nurse in a hospital in London he died of suspected to ro no virus alone in his flat three weeks ago after the police informed his only relatives in the UK. A nice who lives in Scotland she spent another week trying to find out where his body has been taken. The government should help the family, especially in this situation. I am the close relative in here for uncle Donald and even having a hard time. How much more for those who don't have any relatives here. It's really difficult we came here with foreigner. And no one no one is dealing with it. For those of a family's the costs of rules or of re Patrick r IM possible to meet. Their loved ones died a long way from home during heroes work. And yet they have no way of the ring them. Gary news at 10. 