Hi, this is Kate for minute. This is not a dinosaur, but it used to be for centuries as we tried to make sense of the diversity of life on earth we created animal families according to looks alone and dinosaur basically anything that was big and scary and scary and dead, but that doesn't actually make a lot of sense. It's a lot like if you looked at all of humanity and assumed all the corner of Brian look likes belong in one family and beer did people and another and people with bad pasta and another and everyone at the universe was on another. Not only would you have to make ridiculous decisions along the way like what to do with CO no Brian look likes with the universe, but perhaps one of the people with bad pass to actually has more in common with the Beard of people than the rest of the bad passed your family. You would end up with the families that are family. That's why we draw our human family trees according to actually relationships like parents and grandparents and brothers and sisters evidence from fossil zon DNA. Notice that all living things are related and that we can construct animal families by finding species most recent common and sisters. So despite the fact that will have finished their more closely related to him as an to fish. And even though sar long arms and Harry and climb trees there, cousin's are and eat as an arm and a low on the big scary scale ID group of animals belong to several different family. Some the group we now call dinosaur is belong to a branch that includes modern day bird's others are family ties with today's snake and we can trace our own family trees back to our great great great great aunt. The dime a don. Speaking of history I just got my personal genetic reports back from 23 and me the personal genetic's an ounce of company that was kind enough to send me a test kit and start to this video. So not surprising my and tree is almost entirely North western european and I do have a genetic in my m cone rg, but it was told. Increase to find out that I have morning and form DNA various the 92% of 23 in my customers. It definitely make me feel close her to my flint stone in rates, to learn about your DNA story including personal trade and history and health in sight and to support our channel go to 23 and me dot com flash minute. We'll see you next time. 