Hi, this is Kate for minute in North America we tend to think of rain there once a year a semi myth ical flying creatures that pulls santa sleigh around the world yet not only a rain dear real. If things had gone a little different we might be regularly down on blitz and burger that's because when the united state sport Alaska from Russia in the late 1800 American on to produce a saw an opportunity to rep lik a tra is long established rain deer hunting industry and started shipping Destin ated rain deer over to Alaska. But it turns out that rain there are kind of nor t entire hurts disappeared into the vast and ask and landscape where they died, or an off with the area is made of wild rain deer and they're hers in Europe and Russia head similar problems, but with the 3000 year head start their experience gave them a sense of where there animals might want her. Something else that kept rain there from taking off in North America was cows yes House despite lots of rain dear product marketing americans already had me that they liked they bought a thousands of time. Times more b for that industry still not be hard again, strain there even getting some local laws past that prohibit its a lin tai early times are tough for the radio industry and then the great depression struck people's income mid so to did their interest in trying exact rain deer meet many rain they're hers unable to recruit their cost left the animals to wonder at will and with him 20 years over 90% of the rain tears to come to over racing Prada tas and the call of the wild. Today a very small rain deer hunting industry still exists in far North west Alaska but most of the mean is even local and new Challenge is like a warm in climate that can travel in their food under a thick layer of ice and making it even tougher to heard the creatures. So for most of us main there will probably remain Rella gated to santa sleigh. Root off with his no so Bright won't be on your plate tonight. You might not be eating rain deer this holiday season, but here's something that's easier to get your hands on a Free. Also if you like to learn more about your biology or the history of rain dear her to join us and some rain deer experts right now on read it, which is ho sting and science discussion about this video, the link is in the description. See you there. 