Noise. I think stairs maybe one of the most emotional emia ble, physical elements that an architect has to work with. At its most basic a star is a way to get from point a to point b at different ations stairs have a common language trans, which is the thing that you walk on, rise of which is the ver tically MIT that separate the to tread a lot of tears have nothing that create a kind of edge and then the connected pieces a stronger those pieces in different forms make up all stairs. I assume stairs came to be from the first time someone said I want to get to this hierarch from the lower. Rock people climb using what ever was available step to log tz letters and natural path ways that were born over time. Some of the early stair case was like the pyramid zon h needs, where means of getting to a higher l of Asian with people thought for worse off a protection is engineering has so has what tears can be made from all kinds of material there linear stairs or stairs stairs can be in doors. It could be outdoors, they clearly help us in an emergency, but they are also a form of art in of themselves. As we move across the stair way, the form decades op, a sing r feeling our safety and our relationship, an engagement with the space around us. So for a second think about step ING down to graduate and mental stair case like the one in front of the New York public. Library. From those steps, you have a view of the street and all the people around you and your walk is slow and steady because that red is so why that's a totally different experience than going down the narrow stair case to say and old pub spill into the room there you encounter all rise as so you move more quickly stairs AD enormous drama. Think about how stairs signal a grand entrance and where the star of that moment stairs can even be hero the stair case that remains standing after September 11th and the attack on the world trade center was doug dq ace because it played such as central role in leading hundreds of people to safety. Fascinating to me that you see people wanted to hang out of the stairs. I think they feel deeply human need we have to on. Habit of space more than just on the ground plane. And so if you're able to sit half way up there, you're in a kind of magical place. 