哦I stand before you not as an expert, but is a concern citizen. One of the 400000 people who Marks in the streets of New York on Sunday and the buildings of others around the world who want to solve our climate crisis, as an actor. I pretend for a living. I play fic ti tious characters often solve problems. I believe that mankind is looked at climate change in that same way as if it were a fiction, asif pretend ING the climate change wasn't real wood somehow make it go away. But I think we all know better than that now. Every week we're seeing new and unable climate events evidence that celebrate in climate change is here right now our ocean ZARA of. With methane plum rising up from the ocean floor. We are seeing extreme weather events on the west and dark and green and I sheet smell ting at UN president rates decades a head of scientific Pro jection. None of this is red Rick and none of it is history. It is fact, the scientific community knows it. Industry knows it, governments know it. Even the United States Military knows it. The chief of the us navy pacific command animal Samuel r recently said that climate change is our single greatest security threat. My friends this body, perhaps more than any other gathering in human history now face as this difficult but a Evil task. You can make history. Or you will be if I buy it to be clear, this is not about just telling people to change their light bulb or to buy a hybrid car. Disaster has grown beyond the choices that individuals make. This is now about our industries and our government's around the world taking the sigh sive, large scale action. Now must be our moment for action. We need to put a price tag on carbon emotions and IM an eight government sub said is for oil, coal and gas companies. We need to end the Free ride, the industrial pollute as have been given in the name of a Free market economy. They do not deserve our tax dollars. They deserve our screw for the economy itself will die. If our eco systems cle apps, the good news is that energy is not only achieve a but good economic policy. This is not a part and debate. It is a human one clean air and a little climate r and a label human rights and solve ING. This crisis is not a question of politics. It is a question of. Own survival. This is the most urgent of times and the most urgent of messages. Honour deli gates, leaders of the world. I pretend for a living. But you do not. The people made their voices heard on Sunday around the world and the mo mentum will not stop. But now it is your turn the time to answer human kind of greatest Challenge is now we beg of you to face it with courage and honesty, thank you. 