Hi, this is Emily for a minute and we've got a couple of announcement for you have to the video, so stick around. Today Maria claims ninety percent of its victims in Africa. So people tend to think of it as a tropic of disease, but both the para site that causes Maria and the key toes the trans minute can survive or large source of the planet. And until recently Maria regularly kill people all over the world in fact that the disease got its name relatively far from the traffic Italian is called it mama idea or bad because they thought it was caused by nox ious fuse ma ting from swap's but Europe no longer has Maria nor do other temper places including North American Australia and northern Asia. That's partly because temper country is developed more quickly as people drink what is for agriculture ski toes lost their breathing grounds and as people gain wealth, they spent more time in side where my skills couldn't reach them as easily. But climb it also helps because once the power. Our sites bread from a person to the mus quito, it needs time to develop into its infection stage before getting to transfer to another human, the cool of the weather, the more slowly it developed and under about 15 degrees LC as it can reach its in Texas stage at all. So interpret climate few a mas quito end up carrying the infection form of the para site than in the traffic. And as a result radic a ting Malaysia has just been easier to do interpret places. We have managed to knock out Malaysia in some tropic of countries, but in Africa Maria has been especially hard to fight. And that's largely because the main quito, the trans Mara in Africa loves humans. Its light sour species four times more often than a bite to other animals. Where's Maria carry out side of Africa by other animals more often than they brought us. So today for hundred thousand people in Africa die from Malaysia every year, but thanks in part to a huge increase in the number of people using bed net that just half as many people as Maria killed and. Look at 15 years ago, but whether or not will be able to fully il IM at Malaysia and Africa well, that is still up in the air. Hey I'm Alex in addition to writing videos like this for a minute I'm also working on a new channel all about climate change up with its OK to be smart and PB s to make hot mess because climate change is a big scary things and we want to figure out what we can do about it. So check out hot mess and sub scribe at YouTube dot com slash hot mess BBS. And speaking of sub scribe minute earth just reached to millions of sch reiber to celebrate for making a minute of q and a video for you ask the q and we will provide the as so far away in the comments on Twitter and Facebook we're looking forward to hearing from you. 