Most parents to be assumed that the sex of their child comes down to a flip of the chrom a coin with an equal chance of having a boy or a girl. But in reality the odds are even for every 100 girls born the world can't about 106 baby boys. Currently that's good, sex ratio comes out to reff Lee 10 million more baby boys than girls bourne world wide each year. There are some countries where human med alist ax r even higher in favor of boys, but that doesn't explain the fix tods everywhere else. The in trinsic boy girl ratio is rig by mother nature. In fact it's even more than birth rate show human consumption result in about 150 meters I go to every hundred female. But there's a brother tragedy cities are much more likely to be miss Carrie door still one than female and boys that do make it out of the womb suffer more fatal diseases take more more risks and fall. Peter Moore violence than girls. So by the time kids grow up and reach baby making age, the ratio of male xt a female is just about one to one, but the likely Hood of a boy even making it the birth is also influence tb I his mom is living conditions during pregnant. For example, when a mass of fame and structure in the 1960, the relative like Lee Hood of having a son suddenly dropped until the fam and ended on mail American born to billion aire seem to have higher than average ads of the ring sun ze. Somehow female biology suppress his voice of Evil in the womb during tough times and boost it. When times are good. We have seen the same pattern in other members to when resources are scarce mother give birth to the fewer miles than normal. When resources are plentiful bear more the best explanation we have for this has to do with sex the other kind in biological terms, the whole goal of population is to re produce to pass on your jeans to someone who was some day, pass them on again. Female off spring almost guarantee to read. Produce fam in our no family because mam o ze r pretty much always willing to make mail on the other hand have to compete for making privilege as a well nerd Hunk has a good chance of meeting with lots of female on the mail weekend by family might not score at all. Some may lov spring ra big a risk in general at all stage as than more likely to die. And even if they live they might not re produce but when times are good boys potential to father lots and lots of babies make them a biological risks worth taking. Thanks to everyone who support us on sub or without you, we literally couldn't continue to make these videos if you want, yeah to support of minutes and want to become one head over to double dot com slash minute to make a 1 time or month ledge of support. And thanks for watching. 