²»¡£I think that at the time that woman had a really cool pair of glasses in the batman series that was on television and I wanted to be cool like her it didn't occur to me the glass is were really a medical device. When light rays reflect off and object and enter the eyes through the corner of your retina, convert this light in two electric, which interpret the pulse is and allows you to understand what you're seeing. I glasses help you see. The early forms of fear can be tray STH back for thousand years culture is that needed to adapt to climb it that were snow is created I. And they were made of bone and animal hide they have small slip for people to see through, but no lens is, the first vision ade was called a reading stone and was invent ID over 1000 years ago, its not exactly clear who invent ID the first I glasses, but many people a trib ute to the Italian for leave ns of glasses work or ld ridge, it's practical they were to magnet glasses that were together at the bridge of the no. It took some time for the glasses to land on the perfect design. They didn't really have sides which are also called temple Zora arms until about the seven teenth century modern day. I glasses feature a pair of rooms that hold correct of length as a bridge that connect the room side that slide behind the ears hinge is that connect the sides to the fr ames and on some glasses, a pair of 10. Tips for behind the year comfort in American culture 20th century cinema help to popular ize I glasses audience with c glamor actors on actors on glass is to take on a different person and sometimes a pair of glasses became popular ize by the actual person that was wearing them. And then that personality trait was project it into the actual device you have the class is which showed a forward thinking adventure is type of person. Glasses with heavy frame signal in television soar in this way for hours significant of nerd punk, the outlaw of the miss fit. Glasses have become so popular as a fashion device that some people actually don glasses without a prescription lens at all because they want to port Ray a certain attrib ute about themselves and glasses are life line to people people that can't see well enough to draw. Fashion statement, would it be wonderful if anything that we use any device that we have invent ID to help her humanity could also be l of 80 DIN the same way. 