However, tele scope cant help us appear in to the water was here on earth to the count there and habits we're used to fish balls to drag them up into the light and then more often than not on to our place. But now we don't have to fish fish in order to count fish in 2010 Spanish researchers say ld around the world with an ultra high powered sone r shooting sound waves into the depth and using your effect of signals to spot in habits. While previous net count had given us a global estimate of about 300 trill Ian fish the fisher scope method revealed that our ocean zarro home to rough Lee 10 times that number. One reason previous count for so much lower. It seems to be that fish active li hide from approaching Charles in one study scientist took a sone r scan while driving on open net through the water behind them and check this out. So many fish got out of the way that their relative absence high lights the whole path of the trial we don't know exactly how they managed to avoid the net. But deep ocean well as like the thing to lan tern fish and stop light Lucia all of which were under county drugs may take warning from their neighbors flash ING bi il lumin ous in spots. Another deep water fish the finger size crystal mouth turns out to be the most popular for it on our planet. They are an estimate quadr ilian Britain mouse swimming the world ocean. That's a few thousand fish for every star in the mil ky way. Hi Emily here i'd like to thank double dot com for sponsor ING this video article has over 250000 download title XR including the epic western of a lone some day by land. Normally I tried to recommend a non fiction science book because this is a non fiction science YouTube channel, but I just finish listening to learn some dumb and it's the kind of book where you get to like the character so much you miss them when it's all over and the near a dozen amazing job bringing them all of life and basically it would be wrong of me not to recommend it to start listening to learn some day or any other audio book of your choice but a little dot com slash man on earth, sign up for a Free 30 day trial and has always thanks for watching. 