Thanks to brilliant ORG for supporting show. U see it practically every time there is a major hur a can in the news somewhere along the comments expressing sympathy and giving safety tips someone will ask why don't we just knew these things you can sort of cy people wonder about this like most big storm xa her a Kane is made up of clouds and wind moving in a certain pattern big. So you think blowing up on you can set her a Kane wood disrupt the wind patterns enough to discuss the storm turns out. It's not that simple. The most obvious problem is that nuclear weapons release tons of dangerous radiation like that s partly the point of them. If you knew her ak new releas ING all that radiation into the storm. You could we can a hur a can buy pushing the warm air out of the eye of the storm like with a big explosion so would be replaced by cool a dancer but there is more than 10 times as much heat energy in the average hur a can as the entire human race users in a year our new won't make much of a difference to that another option would be trying to use the bomb to raise the hur a can as air pressure storm for many years of low air pressure on the lower the pressure the stronger the storm. So that we can a hur a can you want to move a bunch more air into the spot for the storm is that again we don't have enough power put it this way, the wind in her a Kane and ru a cat, a gore e 5 hur a can that hit the balm of Florida and the easy Anna in 1992. Move with more energy at any given moment, then you'd released by blowing up on you just want some people have suggested attack ING the storm is when their little baby tropic of depression instead, but even if we had enough power to il IM in eight those there are about at of them a year it's hard to predict which one will turn into her a can as that are actually dangerous and it would be wait too expensive, both in terms of power and money to them all plus. In there is that hole massive amounts of radio active fall out thing how a full storm xa wr state ING and it would be nice if we could get rid of them just buy blowing the map. But I think we can all agree that in practice trying that would be a very bad idea that doesn't mean we have to stop studying her again so or learning more about how they work on one way you can do that is to the out of nature course from brilliant dot it has a cup of lessons that specifically focus on big storm zon hur a can including why her can spend different directions in the northern in southern hemi sphere and if ever heard the toilet water dreams differently in the North and south. Well, you can learn y that isn't true as well. You can check it out at brilliant ORG flash show along with does an's of other lessons right now. The first 200 people to sign up at that link will even get 20% off. 