Midst of this pan dem ich we have a race for the White House under way and both campaign will tell u Michigan is critical to their winning math former vice president and SAT down with our Mcdonald for a 1 on one interview tonight, the current of us has change all our lives on. That is especially true for this election. It sure is care and you know this state is a must win for both of these men. So how do you do that? When you can't really campaign here, byd and speaking to us via a zoom interview from his bass ment where it was quiet and no one else was around so we wouldn't have to wear a mask I think Michigan and pencil news content of critical stage. For the general election everybody and their brother has asked by is not answering. So I have something else could he see a spot in his administration for I the mayor dug on yes I could see them both have in places of my administration. He has praise for both my QQ is one of those guys have stepped up and did the right thing would not afraid to tell the truth just set things up and got the city movement of this god this pan dem a kit I think and is a really really serious serious player. I think she is capable of doing virtually anything. And as you might imagine, he is in 10 slick Rick ll of how the trump administration is handling the end m. Look, this is local, this is all local and the tax base is being a road of state and local it we should be funding significant Lee more. And the stimula stack is coming out of congress to deal with that. And hospitals, local hospitals they need more help. And what are we doing? Now I get it get it, but it's not where it needs it needs that we need to focus on small businesses, hospitals and the basic fundamental people hold. Our society together, back your lives. So how were I both? Well you will remember back in 2016, one of the really smart things the trump campaign did was ruined less rally in this state that you thousands of people. There is no opportunity and likely will be no opportunity for either of these men to do any of that heading into nov, wer live down town tonight I Mara Mcdonald, to you most interesting times. All right, thank you. 