Hi, this is Kate for minute. A lot of people use the phrase as American as apple pie to mean really really American but the apples and apple pie wer dum s cated in stop and buy bees native to year. The Flower and butter came from we in House cated in the Middle East the egg came from the chick in which came first from the jun gle of Asia where the lemon also the cinema and came from China the nut man was made in u. And so I was the sugar unless it was from which are from pole at. In fact none of the in grad ient sin I are original from the us and you might not be surprised to hear that the audience for Italian pizza didn't original in Italy the and Asian spice it itches from India is is all the way to Korea and Kim chee ze o their heat to domestic ated in central America, which got the rice for it's rice and beans from Asia. Single region of the world depends on food to mess to cated in other regions hour inter connect in this is kind of over well me and it exists because of a time colonial ism, trade and other forces of global isation have lead the entire world become more and more dependent on a particular small set of plants and animals. But two 3rd is just an average country is very widely and how much of their food of l swear and it's pretty much boil down to whether they happen to be located in one of the places. Most of these global important plants and animals were to MR cated. Typical e worn by o device regions for humans have lived a long time south east Asia for example is home to important food like rice, sugar, coconut and banana. So countries like Kim bodhi and Thailand get only a quarter of their cal a res from foods to MR cated elsewhere. Grow their own food, it just a richer tel swear but all this movement of in grad ient doesn't mean that cheat is in Korea or pizza is sent to tell you, I mean we humans also original edition. Yet today most of us identify ourselves and the dishes we eat with the places we've ended up, we say we are Italian or Indian or American as American perhaps as apple pie. Hey, don't go anywhere. We have lots of exciting news for all your fans of food out there we made a giant gorgeous post that shows where the world's most important and farm animals come from you can buy it right now at our store dftba dot com slash minute. And we're also got new Tshirt inspired by recent. So does this one shows off your die no know how and this one is a cloud of cats also you can join us on ready task science right now to ask all your food origin questions were joined by a world expert on the subject and a fantastic food journalist the link to both the red for me. And rdft be a star in the description. 