This is CBS news special report I'm trying to couple in New York the labor department has just released an other huge set of weekly job list claims. More than 22 million americans have fought for unemployment sense mid March showing the historic economic impact of the crown of Iris CBS news business and listen to join us now. So joke for four weeks. Now we've seen a torrent of job losses. R getting new number is in right at this moment, what are they are we adding to that misery? Unfortunately, yes and other 4.4 million americans have file claim. So now we are up at around 26 million americans. Now the numbers are taper ring off just a little bit. It looks like we hit AP kin late March April. But let's be clear. This is a huge number of people. And already we now know according to the labor department, 60 million people are actually receiving unemployment benefit. It's as we speak, so these are just a standing and as you said, really sad and awful numbers. So jo, some states are beginning to think about re opening some business is at least in the White House would like to suggest that we could see a so called v shaped recovery step down turn, rapid return. Is that still in the car? Is you all so hear about aw shape recovery? What's the difference in what's it looking like? Well, let's talk about the verse w soa v, as you said we would be going shopping lower than bound from that. I think that that's a little ambition. What aw really means is that you have a shot down, a slight up and then day to turn down again, it's also known as a double dip re cession. And here is the fear among econom ists that if we go back to quickly to work that we are more likely to see a second leg down and what's really critical about a second leg down is that. It's harder for consumers and businesses to come out of that second leg. We are obviously human beings we get excited or optimus one on the way up. We get down on the way lower and that can really stall and economic growth period. So we're worried about going to back to quickly is a report among a bunch of federal reserve econom ists. That went back to the flu of 1918 and that report has found that those you that actually had tougher rules about going back to work, actually emergeµÄbetter economic over the long term¡£So may be a hundred years ago history might be well worth visiting today¡£Thank you very much. We now have five weeks of Korea and a virus related job list claims and they total rough li 26 million americans are the unemployment rate, is estim ated in April to be about 15% to find a rate that. You have to go all the way back to the great depression. 