Hi, this is Kate for minute. Until relatively recent li humans believe everything we could see in the sky was orbit ING around the earth. Of course, the moon was the only thing actually all but in the earth and the earth itself was orbit ING a star, but there were all the objects orbit ING that star that also have things or them. So we decided to call all of those secondary satellite smooth to now a days when people say moon the essential e mean a natural satellite of a satellite of a star which seems to capture our collected into it and for what distinguish is a moon. However, there is the problem space rocks come in all sorts of shape and size and behave in many ways many of which don't seem at all like our traditional idea of the moon. Weekend at this point give up and say OK all these things are words, but in this video we're going to defend the idea that moon is a special title and we shouldn't award to Broad li, to start with through improvement and technology we have ended up calling smaller and. Small things we've already identified more than 60 increasingly small moon orbit ING SAT on a lone, some of which are essentially commit a wide rocks hiding its rings. So if we don't set some lower limit on moon size as are we will ING to think of each of the millions of tiny rocks and us part ical and sad run rings and every last spec of dust or but in the earth. Moon at the other extreme, some moves are too big to be considered moves, and it's maybe moon Sharon r close enough in size that it's really fair to say they both or but each other. In fact, technical anytime anything or any other thing they are actually both or but in their com and centre of mass called the bear center, where that point is depends on the relative masses of the to objects. If one is way bigger than the other, like the earth that their center will be close to or even inside it. So it feels right. To say that the small one is beating around the bigger one, but when they are almost the same size, like with the bind royd 90 anti the bear center will be almost half way between and it really doesn't make sense to call one or the other or both of them moon. So where in the continuing of sighs ratio zea k, who is really orbit ING who and buy, how much where should we stop calling something a moon? Maybe the ratio of size doesn't accurate capture your wish and about what a moon is. Maybe absolute size would be better or the round nist of or whether it can be seen from the surface of its planet or whether it has a regular electrical or bit or maybe there is simply no one definition for moon, the capture is both the complex ity of the different ways that stuff can or but other stuff and are never in tu itive I know it when I see it idea of what makes a man. Unlike moon is there are many other objects in space like. The different things that can become one of eyes that are actually need quite naturally and you should come over the minute physics to find out more about them enough of this if there is a moon around a moon, is it still a moon come over the minute physics, we're going to talk about black holes and white horse and new stars. 