I've had Larry bird, and we had a bitter sweet rival ry, right? And everything that I did I watched him and I gave my game against his game. Do you get your game? Against copy is that you're early bird. Well, I it is honestly I look at Kobe Bryant is that guy that is the best one of the best in our li. Every time when I'm not playing, if the lake is on TV I am watching them I'm watching him I'm trying to learn from him the sea. How he may be a attack in the seven team that he is playing because of art of tea is kind of play me the same way they may play cold with double in troubled times and you know make you have the ability to your team mate. So I definitely look at Kobe is that guy that you know is that guy he is that one. The. Triple double for lover and gain Oscar Robert and is the only guy has ever average of the double wall season. And I said that the only guy that could really do that the next guy is LE brown James do you think that you could ever have to talk to? Wow. °®¡£I think some records are meant to be broken but wow. Let me ask me. More or not get better always tell my say you know guys lets get better everyday, where you got better at night. But that team maybe got better just a little bit more one the game. Now I could be satisfied with that, but I can't be satisfied with our team not getting better. And losing the ball game home for revenge is big. Tell us how how much you way because the 1 I have never seen any but I like you you you you can jump fast your quickËµ¡£How tall are you and how big the last time I was about 68. And you know I want to know how much I am about. You know we like 250 plus and my 250 plus. To tell me something that the address and don't know what the friend I don't know the man is on when you we all know is limited days that you get enough to me to to be home. To to spend time with your key is man when I get an opportunity just to have a day off my number of the House with the kids are running around the House playing video games with them an color color books and everything. 