Queensland and Western Australia will start rolling back lock down from tomorrow, but Victoria is using to relax the rules as read about that tells us our own of our is death toll has now climbed to 17. Catching up with mate in the park and getting out of the water for a barbe cue in other parts of Australia norm ality appears to be making of return Victoria has done things different light up the big mel b Ray Taylor is on the queen Victoria market may have been busy today, but Victoria is still the tough MM cz to stay at home Rick and as other states start a zing up. From tomorrow Western Australia will allow gathering of 10 people in that includes wedding queen's land is will from next Friday be able to leave their homes for rec racial purposes like going for a drive or writing a jet ski boat national park will also be re op and families will be able to have picnic. I think this is a positive to move have a picnic in Victoria that. And you risk of fine of more than six teen hundred dollars police carried out six hundred and eighty eight spot checks in the past twenty four hours issue eighty seven fans to those breaking Rick and zhe. We might the judgment about our local circumstances and unhappy to review it on going. I think these are differences across your stations are that we should be able to to take the story is death toll is now seventeen after a man in his nine t passed away in hospital over night in the last twenty four hours, there have been three new confirmed cases of COVID-19 bringing the state's total to one thousand three hundred and forty nine one new case is linked to and out break it. And impatient psych iatric facility with sixteen confirmed infection part of that cluster. One thousand two hundred and sixty five people have now recovered. And there are 137 confirmed cases of community transmission. The curve is flat on ING, but the government is RAM ping up its medical supplies stock pot. 10 million gloves, 5 million ice a lation gown's and more than 2 million face xa u to arrive at this mail been where House over the next two weeks to soon as a very good position to make sure our health care workers are protected that they are not exposed to COVID-19 and that they are able to come back to work the next day. And later this afternoon we saw a report reaction flight bound for pack estan on leave here from me port on board a round two hundred and fifty passengers on now and around twenty minutes from now we will see a quant as fly to arrive here at the airport from the south America more than one hundred and fifty Australia ns and around twenty news eland is are on board that flight until now they had been standing in argent ina. Once they arrive here they will and to go a medical assessment before being taken to various in the city hotel for manager equality of two weeks we told that the us in ways on board. In that day during the long journey and there were plenty of an zac day biscuit's to go around Asia very fit is no doubt that I read all of their thank you. 