The reaction was Swift and it was hard, you know president trump and the bron James background couldn't be more different, the president group wealthy inherit and millions of dollars. LE bron James grew up poor and father less and just this week open to school and will now be paying for hundreds of kids to get an education which is what makes the president's in tonight. Social shopping. Tonight the Twitter president making news again with a tweet taking the social media to public in salt the Intelligence of the lake as new star. LE bron James president trump writing was just interview man on television don lemon, he made the brown luxe smart which is an easy to do. I like Mike refer ring to Michael Jordan this is likely the answer that lead the no to rious live in skin president to fire back. What would you say the president who sit right here? I would never sit across the he would never you want to talk to the. I said that across the iron is of the president calling LE bron James dumb the same week he. But a new ish and Free school in Ohio that will send hundreds of kids to college for Free was not lost on the Twitter verse. Former espn right or bill sims writing the brain is a smart dude in one of the most thought ful athletes we have. This is aBS tweet and feels more than a little racy STH you are a constant IM burse ment and other es p and writer Chris herryÄÇshocked it took this long not shot it happened during a week or Lauren literally open to school for at risk kids¡£And author ka la ga writing you seriously just made me LE brown has had one wife zero scandal and just open to school he built for inner city kids. I'll take dumb over whatever this tweet to find you as any day. Like your fans we spoke with tonight seemed to feel the same way just recently he made his school in a no hi o. That put I don't know like to four hundred 240 students in the school to wish and paid full paid. And then the president of him that like come on the change just open that school and he is doing a huge you know for the community. I don't understand why he would say that it's been a circuit since day one said during his campaign on now as he is president has been a circuit and because there is a trump tweet for nearly any occasion there is this from 2013. Congratulations to LE bron James on winning athlete of the year in last night SP. The brain is also a great guy. Of course that was before and said something the president thought was mean toward him so far the brain has remained of radio silent on the presidential tweet, but remember the White House has confirmed that the president tweet official policy so as of tonight, the official states of the United States is that LE bron James is dumb. Hello, I Mark brown click the ABC seven logo to YouTube channel. 