Hi, this is Kate for minute. Nuclear apocalyptic would be pretty bad. So in the 1990, most of the world's governments form a li agree to a deal to out la tests of nuclear weapons. To hold each other account of they set up a global network of sense of the pick up the low frequency waves that nuclear explosion send over long distance with a few note options, most countries and here to the rules. So nuclear tests are pretty rare, and the network mostly picks up signals from other sources like volcan o, rocket explosion ship engine, and even the vibra za vie sburg, this background noise is a headache for the people listening for nuclear explosion, but it's a boon for lots of other lessons who can also access the data with permission, for instance, instead of j sing down whale and attach track ING devices to them. Scientists can use their song. To estimate there location, by listening to all the media rights that travel through our earth at me sphere. We've learned that there are a way more out there than what we can see suggested that the risk of a city destroy ING media is as much as 10 times higher than the earlier believed. Bye, monitoring active volcan o or even setting off control explosion and measuring how little of the energy back to the sense of scientists have found that the winds way about earth surface r faster and more valuable than we thought, which is part of the reason to our current weather forecast, aren't that great. And speaking of four cast down from the network center also help us locate earthquake center to provide better wor za bout potentialÀ’nam is the system may have been built to detect nuclear testsbut it's lead to an explosion of knowledge about our planet and to a lot more questions like what is responsible for all of the sound waves that we haven't identify°£ Yet. This video is bon said by the property commission for the nuclear test band treaty organization or ctvto with financial support from the European Union c to BTo has been and ated by a hundred and eighty three nations to monitor for illegal nuclear tests. If you are a research and interested in using data from ctvt OS monitoring system to further expand our knowledge about the world contact the organization at ctvtod off work thanks to ctvto for the sponsor ship and for helping keep the world safe from nuclear weapons. And thanks our friend Jessie j ga of this place for ear training this video. 