Hi, this is Kate for minute. While new health ret grab most of the head lines Maria the Moscow born in cell rep tour in blood para site remains among the world's dead liest infection still area its worth no ting that we humans made this pair of sight the killer it is today. That's not to say we somehow invent ID Maria it away before we did on sub saharaÄØAfrica likely from an AL g that some how big and hitting mas quito rise into lots of animals and feeding on their liver and blood cells eventually about half million years ago¡£It landed in human'sbut the early forms of human Malaysia weren't actually that deadly¡£But then humans invent ID agriculture, which turned out to be. A real game change from area for two reasons. For STH in kling, for STH for crop land, increased them of a puzzle XR or as we might as well call them mas quito, sex dance second and u stable food source lead to bigger dancer human population. Enterprise MODEM fell separate and you nasty strain of Malaysia that had recently hop tova from her role as to humans and just so happened to travel extremely well inside the very types of mus KOSE. We were said n to li breathing. And despite being far dead later than its processes, the supreme never sold out because ever growing human settlement ensure that it never ran out of victims. Eventually it spread through dance, human population around the world. And today Bell super am still kill nearly half a million people year. Thanks agriculture, agriculture, bringing you better food love there sia, my skills and deadly sins, 3000 BC e exact date UN certain arrived in Africa between 8000 and 2000 BC c pay lin told you for details. A minute or things before you go I want to let you know that this video was answered by give way and organization devoted to identify the most effective organizations to don't. One of gift well, Top recommendation is the advanced malay, a foundation which helps fight Maria by distributed mas Kido nuts to people throughout sub sahara. And Africa along with other measures like me Kido killing press the sides in Malaysia medic ations lets have helped cut the number of death from a year and half over the last 15 years to learn more and find out how you could help protect people from a visit ORG slash am f. 